16 Jany 1723 containing a Complaint against Capt. Davison Mr Buller 16 Jany 1723 containing a Complaint against Capt. Davison Mr Buller
& Mr. Hutchinson on Acco of two Bargains they made for Gords, one with
Dr Juan Molero & the other with Philip Urieds being alledgd to be fallacions
Bargains, made in Confideracy with one Mr Joseph Mira, wherein the Profits
on the Sale of the Gords at Lima, were to be divided among themselves.
A Letter from Mr Blechynden singly dated at Portovels 15 A Letter from Mr Blechynden singly dated at Portovels 15
April 1723 relating to the same Complaint and tending to weaken it
Another from Mr Blechynden to Messrs Swarte & Johnson dated Another from Mr Blechynden to Messrs Swarte & Johnson dated
22 Jany 1722 objecting against some parts of the aforesaid Letter of 16 Janly
Another Letter from Virente Lee Hores to Mr Mina dated at Pan Another Letter from Virente Lee Hores to Mr Mina dated at Pan
4 Feby 1723 This is a Copy and was produced at a Coms. ff Capt. Davison
& lays a severe Charge on Messrs wark & Johnson & lays a severe Charge on Messrs wark & Johnson
Sire other Letters from Mr. Hutchinson to Capt. Davison from Sire other Letters from Mr. Hutchinson to Capt. Davison from
Pertovels of the 21 & 22 Novr. 1722 which Capt. Davison prosuces at a Coms.
as some Evidence to prove the Injustic of the Charge against him, because as
they were sent after the Capt left Portobels and Mr Hutchinson was said to
be concerned in the Contract with Uruds it would have been natural for
him to have mentioned something of it in one or other of those Letters which
take no Notice of any thing of it
Eatract of a Letter wit by Mess Denniss Swark Bleckynden Eatract of a Letter wit by Mess Denniss Swartz Bleckynden
& Bulpen to the Comps. dated at Portobelo the 23 July 1723 relating to the
Badness of a Cargo of 162 Negroes deliverd from on board the Prince of Asturias
which occasiond them (as they write) to sell them at 215 $ P head round
and twelve Months Credit Extract of their Letter to Messrs Rygbyn Fatter the and twelve Months Credit Extract of their Letter to Messrs Rigby Pratter the
Extract of their Letter dated in Porto velo 28 July 1723 relating to Extract of their Letter dated in Porto Belo 23 July 1723 relating to
their opening an Indulto at 80 $ P piece de India not with standing the
Arguments used by our agents at Jamaica against it as appears by their
Leter to the Company of the 10th Aug. 1723 herewith which Indulto sems Leter to the Company of the 10th Aug. 1723 herewith which Indulto seems
to have been Calculated for the Benefit of private Traders, it being set at a to have been Calculated for the Benefit of private Traders, it being set at a
very fawourable price for them, and not restraind to those Introduced in the
Time of the late Rupture, which if it had there might have been some Reason
fir &t for it
We We