To all Vice Roys, Governours, Captains To all Vice Roys, Governours, Captains
General, Officers of the Royal Revenues, and General, Officers of the Royal Revenues, and
all other Officers of his Most Cathl Majestie all other Officers of his Most Cathlo Majestie
in the Indies, and all other Persons whom it in the Indies, and all other Persons whom it
doth or may Concern. Greeting doth or may Concern. Greeting
Know Ye That We the Royal Assiento Know Ye That We the Royal Assiento
Company for Negross &c appointed pursuant to the Company for Negroes &c appointed pursuant to the
contract between her late Majestie ween Ann nowm Glory, contract between her late Majestie Queen Ann (now in Glory,
and his Cath Majestie Philip the fifth whom God long and his Cath Majestie Philip the fifth whom God long
preserve Have Revoked and Difmissd. and by these Presont preserve Have Revoked and Dismissd. and by these Present
Do Revoke and Dismiss Mc John Thruppe appointed Do Revoke and Dismiss Mr John Thruppe appointed
President of our Factory at Buenor Ayres in the Spanish President of our Factory at Buenor Ayres in the Spanish
America, from being continuing in that Station Or America, from being continuing in that Station Or
Otherwise in Our Service, We having appointed McRobert Otherwise in Our Service, We having appointed Mr Robert
Cross to be President of our said Factory in his Room Cross to be President of our said Factory in his Room
And We do hereby Declare that all Authority & Power And We do hereby Declare that all Authority & Power
by Us given to the said John Thruppe Shall entirely by Us given to the said John Thruppe Shall entirely
Case and Determine from and immediately after Case and Determine from and immediately after
the Arrival of the said Mr Robert Cross on the Arrival of the said Mr Robert Cross on
Witness whereof te have caused the Common Seal Witness whereof te have caused the Common Seal
of the said Company to be hereunto Affixed Dated of the said Company to be hereunto Affixed Dated
in London the fourth day of October in the Ninth in London the fourth day of October in the Ninth
year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord King George year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord King George
Annoy Domini 1722 Annoy Domini 1722
By Order of the Royal By Order of the Royal
lef Comr. f GeatXS Asso Compa of Great
Britain Britain
D. W. Sew. D. W. Secry
Es M.