Company to His Majesty in the Penalty of £400 for Exporting Company to His Majesty in the Penalty of £400 for Exporting
dishibited Goods to Guinea in the smp assiento Captn Foott Mc prohibited Goods to Guinea in the ship Assiento Captn Foott Ms
The Comittee pursuant to a General Order of Court for that purpose The Comittee pursuant to a General Order of Court for that purpose
affiad the Companys Seal to One part of the Charterparty for the ship Bunga affiad the Companys Seal to One part of the Charterparty for the ship Bumper
Galley for a Voyage to Whidah. Barbadoes and the Spanish West Indies Galley for a Voyage to Whidah. Barbadoes and the Spanish West Indies
dated the 2d June last, And also to 2 Certificates the Ore in Spanish dated the 2d June last, And also to 2 Certificates the One in Spanish
and the other in English both No. 152. Importing that the said ship is and the other in English both No. 152. Importing that the said ship is
imployed in the Service of the Assento. imployed in the Service of the Assento.
The Comittee also affiad the Companys Seal to one part of a Charter The Comittee also affiad the Companys Seal to one part of a Charter
party for the ship Servio Prigat for the above voyage dated 20d May last party for the ship Scipio Frigat for the above voyage dated 20d May last
and also to 2 Certificates both No 151. Importing that the said ship is and also to 2 Certificates both No 151. Importing that the said ship is
imployed in the Service of the Assiento. imployed in the Service of the Assiento.
The Comittee also affixed the Company's Seal to one part of a The Comittee also affixed the Company's Seal to one part of a
Charterparty for the ship Assients Irigat for a voyage to the Gold Charterparty for the ship Assiento Frigat for a voyage to the Gold
Coast, Barbadoes and the Spanish West Indies dated 29th May last Coast, Barbadoes and the Spanish West Indies dated 29th May last
And also to 2 Certificates both No. 153. Importing that the said And also to 2 Certificates both No. 153. Importing that the said
ship is imployed in the Service of the Assient. ship is imployed in the Service of the Assiento.
The Committee also affird the Companys Seal to one Bond The Committee also affird the Companys Seal to one Bond
from the Company to his Majesty in the Penalty of £220. from the Company to his Majesty in the Penalty of £220.
for exporting Prohibited Goods to Guinca in the ship John & for exporting Prohibited Goods to Guinea in the ship John &
Samuel Captn Youron Mr