Sorcanto pil y Suplice la Sorcanto pil y Suplice la
Tha Comp a todos tor Verreyes, Governad Tha Comp a todos tor Verreyes, Governad
Capitanes Generales, Ofizales Oela Real Capitanes Generales, Ofizales Oela Real
Haxienda y Ohos gualquier Ofizales &c Haxienda y Ohos gualquier Ofizales &c
su Cenlas Indias &equalquier su Cenlas Indias &equalquier
Grado o Calidad que scan, que don su Grado o Calidad que scan, que don su
Rotecsion ye Assistancia altho Capitan Rotecsion ye Assistancia altho Capitan
sue Vasel y Cargo &c Negr ysulroducts sue Vasel y Cargo &c Negr ysulroducts
tele permitan te deen entarcon ellos tele permitan te deen entarcon ellos
liberamente entodos o qualquier &e tho liberamente entodos o qualquier &e tho
Puerto o Puortos y descargar ye vender Puerto o Puortos y descargar ye vender
thos Regr ye su Roducts, sin Ponerles Mole thos Regr ye su Roducts, sin Ponerles Mole
tacion hi Embarago Alguno porser asse tacion hi Embarago Alguno porser asse
Estipulado enlos Capitulos &c Assd &clos Estipulado enlos Capitulos &c Assd &clos
quales Clavala Copa el dicho Capitan quales Clavala Copa el dicho Capitan
En Testimonio alogeal la En Testimonio alogeal la
Tha Comps belk Apsd La Mandado Set Tha Comps belk Apsd La Mandado Set
lar este Presente &es packs ento panol lar este Presente &es packs ento panol
ye Ingles con su Sello Comunendon ye Ingles con su Sello Comunendon
Drest Turmado por Dr Dan Wescone Drest Turmado por Dr Dan Wescone
sumpa escripto Secretario el Dia Tecero sumpa escripto Secretario el Dia Tecero
De Octubre &c 1723 y Rependado ye Silladd De Octubre &c 1723 y Rependado ye Silladd
conlas Armas delatha Comp. sin dpor conlas Armas delatha Comp. sin dpor
tadies enellai enla Flade Tamaica tadies enellai enla Flade Tamaica
for los Sevores Ricardo Rigby ye Edvaido for los Sevores Ricardo Rigby ye Edvaido
Ratter Agentes belatha Comg en Ratter Agentes belatha Comg en
Agualla plael Diade & Agualla plael Diade &
Wherefore His dend and Wherefore It is desird and
and entecated That all vice Rog Gov and entreated That all vice Roy Govrs
Cep. General Officers of the Royal Cap. General Officers of the Royal
revenues, and all other Officers of his Revenues, and all other Officers of his
Cath Majs in the Indies, f what Cath Majtie in the Indies, of what
Degree or Quality soever will rotect Degree or Quality soever will Protect
and assist and Assist the said Capt. and assist and Assist the said Capt.
Vessel and Cargo of Negroes, and their Vessel and Cargo of Negroes, and their
Rroduce, and Permit and Suffer him Produce, and Permit and Suffer him
and them to enter freely into all or any and them to enter freely into all or any
the said Portor Ports, thereto land & the said Port or Ports, thereto land &
Sell the sd Negr and their Roduce wch Sell the sd Negs and their Produce wch
out any Molestacon or Hindrance, & out any Molestacon or Hindrance, &
being so Stipulated in the sd Articles of being so Stipulated in the sd Articles of
Assdt whereof the sd Capt carrys a Copy Asso whereof the sd Capt carrys a Copy
In Testimony whereof the In Testimony whereof the
said Ro Assd Comp have caused said Rl Asso Compa have caused
their Comman seal to be Officed to their Comman seal to be Affixed to
these psents in English and Spanish these psents in English and Spanish
in London and sighd by Sur Daniel in London and signd by Mr Daniel
Wescomblhe under written Secretary Wescomb their under written Secretary
the 3 day o October anno Dow 1723 the 3d day o October anno Dom 1723
and Counteisigud with and Seald wth and Countersignd with and Seald wth
the Agens of the sd. Comps tar Lugpater the Arms of the sd. Compa wthout Supporters
me amaua by Nept Richd Rigly & in Jamaica by Messrs Richd Rigby
and Edo Rratter thire Agants there and Edwd Pratter their agents there
the 1 Dap. the day of 17
Dy Or. the Cout Dy Ordr. of the Court of
Directory of the Royal Directors of the Royal
Ast. Copp. of Geal Biling Asso Compa of Great Britain
Nesernot D Wescomb