who are Accountable and to take the Govrs. Assistance to this End if who are Accountable and to take the Govrs. Assistance to this End if
need be need be
And for the letter mnabling You to make the Examinations And for the letter mnabling You to make the Examinations
aforesaid & givring You an Insight into the Company Affairs as well for the aforesaid & givring You an Insight into the Company Affairs as well for the
Time past as the present Situation We hereby direct & Empower the Chif Time past as the present Situation We hereby direct & Empower the Chif
preseas Chif Fator Supra largs for the Time being to previde as Chief in the Councils of the
Factory w. shall from Time to Time be held during the stay of the Ship Factory w. shall from Time to Time be held during the stay of the Ship
Royal George at Portobelo Royal George at Portobelo
And that these our Orders & Instructions may be the more And that these our Orders & Instructions may be the more
Effectual for the purposes aforesaid, We have caused the Comon Seal of the Effectual for the purposes aforesaid, We have caused the Comon Seal of the
Company to be here to Affixed Done in London the 12th Day of Deor 1723 Company to be here to Affixed Done in London the 12th Day of Deor 1723
By Order of the Court of By Order of the Court of
Directors of the Rt. Ass. Directors of the Rl. Asso.
Comps of Great Britain Compa of Great Britain
D.W. Secy D.W. Secy
The Coms. affiaed he Comp. Seal to One part of the Covenants between the The Coms. affiaed he Comp. Seal to One part of the Covenants between the
South Sea Comp. & the supra Cargoes of the Royal George
B. To enter these atl large They lye with the Comrs. of Treary B. To enter these atl large They lye with the Comrs. of Treary
The Coml affered p Comp. Seal to the following Instrument arz The Coml affered p Comp. Seal to the following Instrument arz
Soall te Koys Capt. Genl. Presidents of the Soall te Koys Capt. Genl. Presidents of the
Mr Audience Govr Admrs Roy Officers Justices Mr Audience Govr Admrs Roy Officers Justices
and other Officers of his C.M. in the Indies and other Officers of his C.M. in the Indies
& all other Persons whom it doth or may concern & all other Persons whom it doth or may concern
Greeting Greeting
Whereas We the Royal Assents Comp. of Great Britain Hlave Whereas We the Royal Assents Comp. of Great Britain Hlave
by an Instrument o over under ou Comon Seal bensing Date the 12th Dday