Measure of 630 Tuns & /0 which having been measured again at Measure of 630 Tuns & /0 which having been measured again at
Portobelo in July 1728 by Genl. Gueara Comander of the Galeones appears Portobelo in July 1728 by Genl. Gueara Comander of the Galeones appears
to be 647 Juns 5 Codos and 12 as set forth by Testimony given by the to be 647 Juns 5 Codos and 12 as set forth by Testimony given by the
said Generall I also Certify that this is the same ship which the Royal said Generall I also Certify that this is the same ship which the Royal
Assicents Comps aid send to Carthe & Portobelo in Vertue of the Lormission Assicents Comps aid send to Carthe & Portobelo in Vertue of the Lormission
Granted by his Majy. And that it may appear I give this present Certifiate Granted by his Majy. And that it may appear I give this present Certifiate
Signed with my Hand, Seald with the seal of my Arms and Countersigns by Signed with my Hand, Seald with the seal of my Arms and Countersigns by
my Secrety London Jany 14 1724 my Secrety London Jany 14 1724
L.S. L.S.
William Con William Con
Joseph Blancs Secy Joseph Blancs Secy
The Comrs. affeced the Comps. Seal to a Letter of Atto empowering The Comrs. affeced the Comps. Seal to a Letter of Atto empowering
Comrs. of the Treasury
Mr Chas Lockyer to Tranfer £ Mr Chas Lockyer to Tranfer £
South Sea Stock to South Sea Stock to
Edwd Percam & John Mark Trustees for the Million Bank bearing Date Edwd Percam & John Mark Trustees for the Million Bank bearing Date
Day of Day of
Also to another power to Mr Lockyer to Transfer to them Also to another power to Mr Lockyer to Transfer to them
the like sum of Sea Annuitys sates the same Day the like sum of Sea Annuitys sates the same Day
Meml sd Powers were deld Mr Lockyer
Hen Hen
& now are in his Custody & now are in his Custody
he lores he lores
The Comrs affired the Comp Seal to the following Instructions vit The Comrs affired the Comp Seal to the following Instructions vizt
Instructions given by the Court of Directors of Instructions given by the Court of Directors of
the South Sea Company to William Bumpotes Esqr Mr the South Sea Company to William Bumpstead Esqr Mr
Joseph Bacheler Mr Thomas Canham & Mr John Sutt Joseph Bacheler Mr Thomas Canham & Mr John Tutt
for the purposes herein after mentioned for the purposes herein after mentioned
Having Received from the Lanama and Porto belo Factors Having Received from the Panama and Porto belo Factors
Complaints against each othe of Divers Irregularity and Abuses Comitte Complaints against each othe of Divers Irregularity and Abuses Comitte
and still Carying on to the Prejsidice of the Company, & being desirnues to put and still Carying on to the Prejudice of the Company, & being desirnues to put