El Tho Capitan En Testimo El Tho Capitan En Testimo
nio selo qual la dha Compania nio selo qual la dha Compania
Ocl R Assd ha Mandado Sillar Ocl R Assd ha Mandado Sillar
este Presente Despacko en Espand este Presente Despacko en Espand
ye Ingles con su Sello Comun ye Ingles con su Sello Comun
en Londres firmado por en Londres firmado por
Dr. Daniel WescombSumfra Dr. Daniel WescombSumfra
Eerito Secretario el Dia Tercero Eerito Secretario el Dia Tercero
de Octubre &e 1723 G Rependate de Octubre &e 1723 G Rependate
ye Sellado conlas Armas dela Dta ye Sellado conlas Armas dela Dta
Comps sin Soportadores enellas Comps sin Soportadores enellas
en Barbados for Dr Tomas en Barbados for Dr Tomas
Withers ye Dr. Guillermo Mackelan & tep Thos Hithers and William
Apoderadosalli porla The Comp Apoderadosalli porla The Comp
Diade &c 172 Diade &c 172
Cory In Testimony Cory In Testimony
whereof the said Rt Assd Comp whereof the said Rl Asso Compa
have caused their Common Seal have caused their Common Seal
to be affixed to these Resents to be affixed to these Presents
in English & Spanish in in English & Spanish in
London & Sign'd by U London & Sign'd by Mr
Daniel Wescombthei Daniel Wescomb their
Anderwritten Secretary the 3. underwritten Secretary the 3d
Dayd Oct Anno Dome 1723 Day of Oct Anno Dome 1723
and Countersignd & Seald with the and Countersignd & Seald with the
Ares of the sd. Comps. without Sep Arms of the sd. Compa. without Sup
portey, at Barbadoes by porters, at Barbadoes by
Messrs Thos Withers and William
Mackeleur their Attorneys Mackeleur their Attorneys
there 172 the Dayo there the Day of  172
y Order of the R By Order of the Rl
Apento tomp Assiento Compa
Wescome Sec Wescomb Sec
The Committee Affixed the Comp. Seal to the The Committee Affixed the Comp. Seal to the
Ingrossed Counter part of a Lease from the Master Ingrossed Counter part of a Lease from the Master
and Wardens of Suerchant Taylors to this Comp. of Certain and Wardens of Merchant Taylors to this Compa. of Certain
Rooms & Warehouses in Mttercht Taylors Hall Rooms & Warehouses in Mercht Taylors Hall
which is as follows which is as follows
This Indenture made the Twelfth day of Tuly in the This Indenture made the Twelfth day of Tuly in the
Ninth Year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord George by the Grace of God of Ninth Year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord George by the Grace of God of
Great Britain France and Ireland King defender of the Faith &c and in Great Britain France and Ireland King defender of the Faith &c and in
the year of Our Lord God One Thousand Seven hundred and Twenty three the year of Our Lord God One Thousand Seven hundred and Twenty three
Between the Master and Wardens of the Merchant Taylors of the Between the Master and Wardens of the Merchant Taylors of the
Fraternity of Saint John the Baptist in the City of London of the One part Fraternity of Saint John the Baptist in the City of London of the One part