Governours Captn. General officers of the Royal Revenues or Governours Captn. General officers of the Royal Revenues or
Oother officers of His Cath: Majesty in the Indies of whatsoever Oother officers of His Cath: Majesty in the Indies of whatsoever
Degree or Quality they be that they allow and give their Protection Degree or Quality they be that they allow and give their Protection
to the raid Captn. his ship or Vessel, and prmnt him freely to enter to the raid Captn. his ship or Vessel, and prmnt him freely to enter
in the said Ports and to unload his said Cargoe and deliver the in the said Ports and to unload his said Cargoe and deliver the
Same to the Factors of the said Company for the use of the Same to the Factors of the said Company for the use of the
said Assients Company without any Interuption or Impediment said Assients Company without any Interuption or Impediment
whatsoever it being so Stipulated in the Article of the assents whatsoever it being so Stipulated in the Article of the assents
and in the said Royal Cedula. and in the said Royal Cedula.
In Testimony whereof the seal of the sad iongory In Testimony whereof the seal of the sad iongory
is afird to this certificate which is also signed by the is afird to this certificate which is also signed by the
underwritten Secretary of The Company in London the underwritten Secretary of The Company in London the
13. day of May Anno Domini 1718 13. day of May Anno Domini 1718
By Comand of the CRo. apsents By Comand of the CRo. apsents
Company of Great. Bittin Company of Great. Bittin
Daniel Wescomb Daniel Wescomb
The Committee pursuant to a General order of Court for that The Committee pursuant to a General order of Court for that
Purpose afficed the Companys Seal to 2 Bonds from the Company to Purpose afficed the Companys Seal to 2 Bonds from the Company to
His Majesty. One in the Penalty of £640. for exporting Prohibited
Goods to Guinea in the ship Scipio. And theother in the Penalty of
£64. for Exporting Prohibited Goods to Guinea in the ship
Bumper Bumper
The Comittee pursuant to a General Order of Court for The Comittee pursuant to a General Order of Court for
that Purpose affixed the Company's Seal to one Bond from the
Company Company