The Comitte pursuant to a General Order of Court for that fave The Comitte pursuant to a General Order of Court for that fave
affed the Company's Seal to One part of the Charterparty for the searl affed the Company's Seal to One part of the Charterparty for the Pearl
bound to the Gold Coast & Barbadoes dated 25th Febry last, and also bound to the Gold Coast & Barbadoes dated 25th Febry last, and also
to 2 certificates, the one in Spanish the other in English both no. 146 to 2 certificates, the one in Spanish the other in English both no. 146
Importing that the said ship is Imployed in the Service of the assients Importing that the said ship is Imployed in the Service of the assiento
The Comittee also Pursuant to an order of Court of 19th Instant The Comittee also Pursuant to an order of Court of 19th Instant
affixd the Company's Seal to one Part of the articles between the affixd the Company's Seal to one Part of the articles between the
Company and Mr Nicholson chosen 2d Factor at the Havana dated Company and Mr Nicholson chosen 2d Factor at the Havana dated
9th January last. 9th January last.
The Comitee Purmant to a General Order of Court for that The Comitee Purmant to a General Order of Court for that
purpose affie'd the Company's Seal to one part of the Charter party for purpose affie'd the Company's Seal to one part of the Charter party for
the ship Rebeiia Thomas Abbis Jun Mc Cound to the Gold Coast the ship Rebecca Thomas Abbis Junr Mr bound to the Gold Coast &
Barbadoes dated the 15th March last and also to 2 Pertificates he Barbadoes dated the 15th March last and also to 2 Certificates the
one in Spanish and the other in English both No. 147. Importing one in Spanish and the other in English both No. 147. Importing
that the said Ship is imployed in the Service of the Assiento.
(The Committee pursuant to a General Order of Court for that The Committee pursuant to a General Order of Court for that
Purpose affired the Companys Seal to one part of the Charterparty for Purpose affixed the Companys Seal to one part of the Charterparty for
the ship Anne Frigat Thos Gaddden Mr bound to Whidah, Barbadoes the ship Anne Frigat Thos Gadsden Mr bound to Whidah, Barbadoes
and Carthagena or Portobels dated 26th March last and Carthagena or Portobelo dated 26th March last
And also to 2 Certificates, the One in Spanish and the other And also to 2 Certificates, the One in Spanish and the other
in English both No. 148. Importing that the said ship is imployed in in English both No. 148. Importing that the said ship is imployed in
the Service of the assiento
The Comte ement to a Circial Order of Court for that The Comittee Psuant to a General Order of Court for that
Purpose affired the Companys Seal to One bond) from the Company to Purpose affixed the Companys Seal to One bond from the Company to
Hs Majesty dated the 7th. Instant in the Penalty of £184 for His Majesty dated the 7th. Instant in the Penalty of £184 for
Exporting Exporting