to do or Cause to be Done all such Acto & Things for the receiving and to do or Cause to be Done all such Acto & Things for the receiving and
recovering such Goods Merchandize Maney & Effects or the produce of recovering such Goods Merchandize Maney & Effects or the produce of
them or any of them as effectually to all Intents & purposes as we the them or any of them as effectually to all Intents & purposes as we the
said Company may or Can do And ( do hereby ratify & said Company may or Can do And ( do hereby ratify &
Confirm all & whatsoever our said Agents or Attorneys shall do or Confirm all & whatsoever our said Agents or Attorneys shall do or
cause to be done in or about the premisses by Vertue of these cause to be done in or about the premisses by Vertue of these
presents Intestimony whereof the Reyal Assuents Coun. presents Intestimony whereof the Reyal Assuents Coun.
of Great Brtain have Caused their Comon Teal to be hereunto Affixed of Great Brtain have Caused their Comon Teal to be hereunto Affixed
Dated in London the nenth Day of Novembee Auno Due 1721 Dated in London the nenth Day of Novembee Auno Due 1721
Anrog Regis Georgu &d Octavo Anrog Regis Georgu &d Octavo
BBy Order of the Court of Direct BBy Order of the Court of Direct
of the Royal Ass. C of Great Bulaimn of the Royal Ass. C of Great Bulaimn
O Wescomb Secy O Wescomb Secy
Ad0 Ad0
Abraham Fitter of London Notary Publick by Royal Abraham Fitter of London Notary Publick by Royal
Authority duely admitted & Tworn dwelling in London to Certify and Authority duely admitted & Tworn dwelling in London to Certify and
attest to all whom it doth or may Coucern that the Seal fixd to the attest to all whom it doth or may Coucern that the Seal fixd to the
Instrument on the other Tide is the seal of the Royal Assients Comy. Instrument on the other Tide is the seal of the Royal Assients Comy.
for Regroes nd & that the Name & Wiscomb there subscribed for Regroes nd & that the Name & Wiscomb there subscribed
is of the proper hand Writing of O Wiscomb Esqr. Secretary to the said is of the proper hand Writing of O Wiscomb Esqr. Secretary to the said
Company In Testimony whereof I have hereunto put my Company In Testimony whereof I have hereunto put my
Notaial firm & seal in London the nenth Day of November Anno Notaial firm & seal in London the nenth Day of November Anno
Dnd 1721 Dnd 1721
Intestimonium beritatis Intestimonium beritatis
Mbrt Titter Not. Pub Mbrt Titter Not. Pub
Wes Wes