The Committee affied the Company Thal to The Committee affied the Company Thal to
the Companys Answer Sign'd by Mr. Bootle to a Bill the Companys Answer Sign'd by Mr. Bootle to a Bill
in Chancory brought against them by John Thuchburg in Chancery brought against them by John Thuchburg
Likewise Affixed the Company Seal, to a Likewise Affixed the Company Seal, to a
Counter part of a Charter Party dated 16th May last Counter part of a Charter Party dated 16th May last
for the ship sea Horse under the Comand of Capt Noore for the ship Sea Horse under the Comand of Capt Moore
White for a voyage to Angola and Bun Ayres White for a voyage to Angola and Buns Ayres
And also to a Certificate in Spanish Importing And also to a Certificate in Spanish Importing
that the sd. Ship is in the Service of the Re Ass: Comp that the sd. Ship is in the Service of the Rl Asso. Compa
a Copy of which is as follows a Copy of which is as follows
Asodes los bereyer Capt. Genl. Presidenter Asodes los bereyer Capt. Genl. Presidenter
delaR. Audiencia, Governadores Alinerantes delaR. Audiencia, Governadores Alinerantes
Reales Officiales sucres 4 Tobor los Danas Reales Officiales sucres 4 Tobor los Danas
Oficials &e S Magestad Catholica en Oficials &e S Magestad Catholica en
las Indias, ye a Todas las Demas Personas las Indias, ye a Todas las Demas Personas
a quven togue D Puede Yocar a quven togue D Puede Yocar
Te Castefiea goe tene tontes al Te Castefiea goe tene tontes al
Cavallo ecos Mares su Capitan Moor White &e 270 Sea Horse su Capitan Moor White &e 270
Joneladas pow maso menos ye Navegado con 40 Marineros Joneladas pow maso menos ye Navegado con 40 Marineros
es el Roprio Navio &e la Comps Rt bel Aps & Regros es el Roprio Navio &e la Comps Rt bel Aps & Regros
de la Gian Britana parallevar y transporte de la Gian Britana parallevar y transporte
Negr ye Provisones a las Gudias in Consequnua &el Negr ye Provisones a las Gudias in Consequnua &el
Contrato &c Aps hecho entre la Reyna dela Gran Brtana Contrato &c Aps hecho entre la Reyna dela Gran Brtana
ge ge