and described and so as they be not in less Numbers than Ove and described and so as they be not in less Numbers than One
hundred Regr at a Time And that the Master of the said hundred Negs at a Time And that the Master of the said
Ship so to be sent upon having received the sd. Complement Ship so to be sent upon having received the sd. Complement
of four hundred Regr or the Time for the sd Ships stay of four hundred Negs or the Time for the sd Ships stay
being Expired which shall first happen shall give to the being Expired which shall first happen shall give to the
DArrican Company Agents or sactors a Certificate thereof Rl Arrican Company Agents or Factors a Certificate thereof
in Writing under hand and shall sign Bills of Lading for in Writing under his hand and shall sign Bills of Lading for
the same And that the sd Gov & Company and their Successers the same And that the sd Govr & Company and their Successers
shall and will within Thirty Days after producing to the Court shall and will within Thirty Days after producing to the Court
of Quectors of the sd. Gover & Comp. by the Rr. African Con of Directors of the sd. Goverr & Compa. by the Rl. African Com
or any Committee thereof a Certificate or Certificates Bill or or any Committee thereof a Certificate or Certificates Bill or
Bills of Lading from the Master of the sd Ship for the Bills of Lading from the Master of the sd Ship for the
Negr which shall have been deliverd and put on Board her Negs which shall have been deliverd and put on Board her
or within thirty Day after it shall other wise appear wt or within thirty Day after it shall other wise appear wt
Neg shall rave been deliverd by the sd. Dr African Company Negs shall have been deliverd by the sd. Rl African Company
ligents well and truly pay or Cause to be paid unto te said Agents well and truly pay or Cause to be paid unto the said
R Apiian Company or their Successors for the sd. Negroes Rl African Company or their Successors for the sd. Negroes
so much storling Money as the same shall amount unto at & so much sterling Money as the same shall amount unto at &
after the Rate and Price of Nine Pounds Ton Shills p Read after the Rate and Price of Nine Pounds Ten Shills p head
as aforesaid And shall and will at the same time Pay for as aforesaid And shall and will at the same time Pay for
such stores and Provisions as shall have been furnished the such stores and Provisions as shall have been furnished the
said Ship by the sd B African Companys Agents in Africa said Ship by the sd Rl African Companys Agents in Africa
over and above wth the sd Bllfrican Comps are herein before over and above wth the sd Rl African Compa are herein before
obliged to furnish at their Own Corts & Clarges Provided & obliged to furnish at their Own Costs & Charges Provided &
it is further Mutually declared and agreed by and between it is further Mutually declared and agreed by and between
the sd Respective Company, That it shall and may be Lawfull the sd Respective Company, That it shall and may be Lawfull
to and for the sd Gover & Comp and their Successors out of the to and for the sd Gover & Compa and their Successors out of the
Money which shall becaue due & payable to the sd. R Affccan Money which shall become due & payable to the sd. Rl African
Comp from the sd. Govern & Comp by virtue of this Psent Compa from the sd. Govern & Compa by virtue of this Psent
Agreemt to deduct and retain all such Moneys as shall become Agreemt to deduct and retain all such Moneys as shall become
due and payable to them from the sd Rr African Company due and payable to them from the sd Rl African Company
for Demorage Dead freight or otherwise in Prsuance of thep for Demorage Dead freight or otherwise in Persuance of these
Pesents And that in Care the sd Ro African Companys Presents And that in Care the sd Rl African Companys
Agent Agent