Exporting prohibited Goods to Guinea in the ship James Exporting prohibited Goods to Guinea in the ship James
The Comittee also affied the Companys Seal to one part of The Comittee also affixed the Companys Seal to one part of
the Charterparty for the said ship James for a Voyage to Gambia. the Charterparty for the said ship James for a Voyage to Gambia.
Barbadoes, and thee panish West Indier dated 30th April last. Barbadoes, and the Spanish West Indies dated 30th April last.
And also to 2 Certificates the One in Spanish and the other in English And also to 2 Certificates the One in Spanish and the other in English
both No 149. importing that the said ship is imployed in the Service of the both No 149. importing that the said ship is imployed in the Service of the
Assiento. Assiento.
The Committee also a prad the Companys Seal to one part of the The Committee also affix'd the Companys Seal to one part of the
Charterparty for the ship Herbert Galley for a Voyage to the lanancy Charterparty for the ship Herbert Galley for a Voyage to the Canaries
and the Spanish West Indies dated 13t May last and the Spanish West Indies dated 13t May last
And also to 2 Certificates the One in Soanish and the And also to 2 Certificates the One in Soanish and the
other in English both No. 150. Importing that the said ship is other in English both No. 150. Importing that the said ship is
imployed in the Service of the assiento, which English Certificate imployed in the Service of the assiento, which English Certificate
is as follows vizt is as follows vizt
Beit known unto all to whom these Presents shall come, Beit known unto all to whom these Presents shall come,
that the Goodship or vessel named the Herbert Galley of the Burtheu that the Goodship or vessel named the Herbert Galley of the Burtheu
of 245 Tuns more or less, under the Comand of Captn David of 245 Tuns more or less, under the Comand of Captn David
Greenkill and Navigated with 50 Seamen is freighted by the Greenkill and Navigated with 50 Seamen is freighted by the
assiento Company of Great Britain to carry & transport from assiento Company of Great Britain to carry & transport from
the Canary Islands. The Truits of the said Islands to the Havane the Canary Islands. The Truits of the said Islands to the Havane
& veraliuz in the Spanish West Indies of America belonging & veraliuz in the Spanish West Indies of America belonging
to his Cath: Majesty according to the 36th art of the Assiento to his Cath: Majesty according to the 36th art of the Assiento
Contract agreed between her late Britanick Majesty) snow in Contract agreed between her late Britanick Majesty) snow in
Glory) and his cath, Mar. (whom God long Preserve) dated at Glory) and his cath, Mar. (whom God long Preserve) dated at
Madrid 26th March 1713. for the Introduction of Negroe slaves into Madrid 26th March 1713. for the Introduction of Negroe slaves into
the Indies. And also in Tursuance of his Cath. Maj. Cedula in the Indies. And also in Pursuance of his Cath. Maj. Cedula in
that behalf. that behalf.
Therefore it is derred & intreated that all vice Roys Therefore it is derred & intreated that all vice Roys
Gov. Gov.