40 40
Cout of the Traniny Cout of the Traniny
The Coms. affexed the Comrt. Seal to the following Clawns The Coms. affexed the Comrt. Seal to the following Clawns
vqt vqt
Dec. 23 1721 Dec. 23 1721
The Claim of the Company on the Estate of The Claim of the Company on the Estate of
Wm Morley Wm Morley
John Grigsby John Grigsby
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Co. Claims orpletate Sr. Lamb. Blacksell Co. Claims orpletate Sr. Lamb. Blacksell
Richd. Hould etcte Richd. Hould etcte
Sr. Harcourt Master Sr. Harcourt Master
of late Directors of late Directors
Steph Child Steph Child
Sr. Wm Hamond Sr. Wm Hamond
Ambr Page Ambr Page
Robt. Chester Robt. Chester
Thos Reynolds Thos Reynolds
Rd Horsey Rd Horsey
Petr Delaporte Petr Delaporte
Arth Ingrain Arth Ingrain
Hugh Raymond Hugh Raymond
Fras Cyles Fras Cyles
Robt Kuight Robt Kuight
John Turner John Turner
Jas Edmundson Jas Edmundson
O further Claim O further Claim
The Coms. urnant to as Order of Coust. Affarid the Comps. The Coms. urnant to as Order of Coust. Affarid the Comps.
Seal to their release to Capt. Hyde on Accot of the Herbert Gally Seal to their release to Capt. Hyde on Accot of the Herbert Gally
pursuant to a Late Award pursuant to a Late Award
The Comitte affiaed the Companys Seal to the several The Comitte affiaed the Companys Seal to the several
Istruments Empowering & Authorizing Mr John Bennett of the Istruments Empowering & Authorizing Mr John Bennett of the
Island of Barbadoes to be the Company's Agent there Island of Barbadoes to be the Company's Agent there
Power of Attorney to Mr John Bennett to bring Mrs Power of Attorney to Mr John Bennett to bring Mrs
Woodbridge to Account Woodbridge to Account
Know all Asen by thee Resents That te the Coydiaton Know all Asen by thee Resents That te the Coydiaton
of the Govr and Company of Merchants of Great Britain Trading to the of the Govr and Company of Merchants of Great Britain Trading to the
South Seas and other parts of America & for Encouraging the Fishery South Seas and other parts of America & for Encouraging the Fishery
have made, Ordrined, Constituted & Appointed & by these Presents do have made, Ordrined, Constituted & Appointed & by these Presents do
make, Constitute, & appoint Mr John Bennett of the Island of Barbadas
Merchant to be our true & Lawfull Attorney for us and in our Name & to Merchant to be our true & Lawfull Attorney for us and in our Name & to
our Use to ack Demand Sue for recover, and receive of & from Mrs Jane our Use to ack Demand Sue for recover, and receive of & from Mrs Jane
Wood bridge Woodbridge