Late Majesty the Queen of Great Britain (Now in Glory & His Catte Late Majesty the Queen of Great Britain (Now in Glory & His Catte
Majesty (whom God Preserve) Dated in Madred the 26 March 1713 Majesty (whom God Preserve) Dated in Madrid the 26 March 1713
And also to a Convention Lately made between His Britannick And also to a Convention Lately made between His Britannick
Majesty (whom God preserve) & His Cath Majesty dated at Buen Majesty (whom God preserve) & His Cath Majesty dated at Buen
Retiro the 12th of June 1716 for Explaining the said Assents or Contract Retiro the 12th of June 1716 for Explaining the said Assiento or Contract
Therefore it is Desird & intreated that all Vice Roys Captains General Therefore it is Desird & intreated that all Vice Roys Captains General
Presidents of the Royal Audience Governours Admirals Royal Presidents of the Royal Audience Governours Admirals Royal
Officers Justice, & all other Officers of His Cath Majesty in the Officers Justice, & all other Officers of His Cath Majesty in the
Indies of what Degree or Quality whatsociee to whom doth ar may Indies of what Degree or Quality whatsoever to whom doth ar may
belong the Execution of the said Assints & Convention will be please belong the Execution of the said Assiento & Convention will be please
to protect & Assist the said Capt his Strip, Men, & Cargoe & permitt to protect & Assist the said Capt his Ship, Men, & Cargoe & permitt
& suffer him together with the said Soop & Cargoe to enter fiely & suffer him together with the said Sloop & Cargoe to enter freely
into the said Port & Land & sell the Cargoe without any Molestation into the said Port & Land & sell the Cargoe without any Molestation
or hundrance therein nor in the providing Provisions & refreshments or hindrance therein nor in the providing Provisions & refreshments
taking in her Loading & making her returns pursuant to the said taking in her Loading & making her returns pursuant to the said
Assients & Convention In testimony whereof the Seal of the Assients & Convention In testimony whereof the Seal of the
said Company is affird to this Certificate which is also sign'd by said Company is affird to this Certificate which is also sign'd by
the underwritten Secretary to the Company in London the 23d Day the underwritten Secretary to the Company in London the 23d Day
of Decr. 1721 of Decr. 1721
By Order of the Court By Order of the Court
f Directors of the Rr of Directors of the Rl
Uss. Comp. of Gr. Britan Asso. Compa. of Gr. Britan
D. W. Secy D. W. Secy
The Spanish Certificate to which the Companys The Spanish Certificate to which the Companys
Seal was affixed is as follows Vizt. Seal was affixed is as follows Vizt.
Atodos Virreyes Capitanes Genl Presidentes Atodos Virreyes Capitanes Genl Presidentes
de la Real Audiencia Governadores Almeranty de la Real Audiencia Governadores Almeranty
Reales Officiales Juires Ttodos los demas Reales Officiales Juires Ttodos los demas
Officiales de su Majestad Catolica en las Indias Officiales de su Majestad Catolica en las Indias
Ta todas las demas Personas a quien to gue Ta todas las demas Personas a quien to gue
5 puide to car 5 puide to car
Je Certifica que la Balandra nombrada el Assiento Su Captan Je Certifica que la Balandra nombrada el Assiento Su Captan
David Greenkill de Cien Toncladas Poco mas 8 menor Inavegade David Greenkill de Cien Toncladas Poco mas 8 menor Inavegade
Con Con