bajel ye largo & Regwey su poducto, ye bajel ye largo & Regwey su poducto, ye
lepumitany desin entra conellos lepumitany desin entra conellos
libremente in tho Questo, y desembarcar libremente in tho Questo, y desembarcar
ye bender thos Neguos sin molestice ni Eve Land and Sell the segroes without any
barago alquns, sindo assi estipulado barago alquns, sindo assi estipulado
en los Capitulos Od Assiento, delosquall en los Capitulos Od Assiento, delosquall
lleva la Copia i Dicho Captan En the said Captain carry a Copy
Testemonio beloqual la the Cou In Testimony whereof the sd
del Real Assiento ha Mandada Tellax del Real Assiento ha Mandada Tellax
este Presente despacke en Espanol este Presente despacke en Espanol
Ingles consu Sello Comun en Ingles consu Sello Comun en
Londres furmado por Dr Danill Londres furmado por Dr Danill
Wescomb sumfia escuito Sccaet Wescomb sumfia escuito Sccaet
d Dia Seaceso de Octubre &c 1723 I d Dia Seaceso de Octubre &c 1723 I
Refrendado ye Sillado conlas Axmas &c Refrendado ye Sillado conlas Axmas &c
la the Comp si Soportadores enellas Arms of the sd. Comps. without Supporters
enlasslade Samaica por los Sin in Samaica, by Mossieurs
Ricardo Rigby T Edwardo Rutter Ricardo Rigby T Edwardo Rutter
Agenter beladha Comp en Aqualla Agenter beladha Comp en Aqualla
wlad wlad
Seade Seade
the
&e 17 &e 17
and Carge of Regises, and thenr Prorece and Cargo of Negroes, and their Produce
and Permit and Suffer him and them and Permit and Suffer him and them
to enterfreely into the Sd. Port, there to to enter freely into the Sd. Port, there to
Land and Sell the Negroes without any
Molestacon or Hindrance It being so St Molestacon or Hindrance It being so St
pulated in the Arkiles of Assd: whereof ipulated in the Articles of Asso: whereof
the said Captain carry a Copy
In Testimony whereof the sd
Regal Ass. Comp. have caused their Royal Asso. Comp. have caused their
Common Seal to be Affixed to there fsents Common Seal to be Affixed to there Psents
in English & Spanih on London in English & Spanish in London
and eiqued by Mr Daniel Wescome and signed by Mr Daniel Wescomb
then unberwritten Secretary the their unberwritten Secretary the
third Day of October Anno Din 1723 third Day of October Anno Dm 1723
and counter Lgn'd and Sealed with the and counter Sign'd and Sealed with the
Arms of the sd. Comps. without Supporters
in Jamaica, by Messieurs
Richard Rigby & Edward Richard Rigby & Edward
Batter then Agents there, Pratter their Agents there,
Dayo Anno Don 17 the Day of Anno Don 17
y Order of the Royal By Order of the Royal
Assunto Company of Great Assiento Company of Great
Britaian Britain
S Hereomb D Wescomb