=tained Shall extend or construed to Extend in any wife to =tained Shall extend or construed to Extend in anywise to
render the Company liable to make good the said Sufferees render the Company liable to make good the said Sufferers
Losses or Damages on account of the aforesaid Seizures Losses or Damages on account of the aforesaid Seizures
That not falling on the Compt to make Satisfaction for That not falling on the Compa to make Satisfaction for
Nor to give Power or Countenance to the sd Sufferers or Nor to give Power or Countenance to the sd Sufferers or
any of them to Inhoduce any Negros whatsoever into any any of them to Introduce any Negros whatsoever into any
Port of the Spanish West Indies or to carry on any Trade Port of the Spanish West Indies or to carry on any Trade
whatsoever to those parts on pretence of Solliciting Such whatsoever to those parts on pretence of Solliciting Such
restitution as aforesaid. And We the said Rd Assients restitution as aforesaid. And We the said Rl Assiento
Company of Great Britain Do hereby Authorize & Empower Company of Great Britain Do hereby Authorize & Empower
Mo Thomas Withers and Mr William Mackeleun of the Island Mr Thomas Withers and Mr William Mackeleun of the Island
of Barbadoes (in whom we repose Special hust & Confiderce of Barbadoes (in whom we repose Special trust & Confidence
to Isue out to the respective carlies concerned in any to Issue out to the respective carlies concerned in any
Imbarquement as aforesaid, Authentick Copies of there Pents Imbarquement as aforesaid, Authentick Copies of there Psents
the more Effectuall to enable them to Recover their Vessels Mer- the more Effectuall to enable them to Recover their Vessels Mer-
chandize & Effects Pursuant to his Cathl Massers Intention chandize & Effects Pursuant to his Cathl Majties Intention
declared in the aforesaid Cedula of Bestitution And We declared in the aforesaid Cedula of Restitution And We
do hereby revoke All former Declaracons of this Nature do hereby revoke All former Declaracons of this Nature
heretofore made and given by us declaring thom Null and heretofore made and given by us declaring thom Null and
void to all Intents & purposes In Testimony theeof void to all Intents & purposes In Testimony thereof
We the said Royal Apsints Company have caused Our Common We the said Royal Assiento Company have caused Our Common
Seal to be hereunto Affixed, which is also signed by Our Seal to be hereunto Affixed, which is also signed by Our
Secretary. Dated in London the 27th day of September Secretary. Dated in London the 27th day of September
in the Ninth year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord in the Ninth year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord
King George. Anno ye Domeni 1722 King George. Anno ye Domeni 1722
Seald in and the Sign'd presence of us Seald and Sign'd in the presence of us
Jno. Redmam Jno. Redmam
Hugh Kerr Hugh Kerr
E. M. E. M.
By Order of the Royal By Order of the Royal
Assdt Compts of Great Asso Compa of Great
Britam D.H. Sei Britain D.W. Secry