In Pusuance of the Crd. & Coust. of the Dept. In Pursuance of the Ordr. & Court. of the Dept.
this sast The Committee Afficed the Company Seal to 105 this Inst The Committee Afficed the Company Seal to 100
Blank Licences or Passes to be sent to their Eegt at Jamaua Blank Licences or Passes to be sent to their Agts at Jamaica
for soops or vessels to carry Negr to the Spanish West Judies for Sloops or vessels to carry Negs to the Spanish West Indies
and drawpat the Truits of the County from Port to Lort and Transport the Fruits of the County from Port to Port
And to 100 Blank Licences or Pases without such Liberty And to 100 Blank Licences or Passes without such Liberty
of Transporting the Truits of the Country. of Transporting the Fruits of the Country.
And also to a Power to Messrs Rigby and Rratter their And also to a Power to Messrs Rigby and Pratter their
Agents of to Seach fill is up as the follows sd. Liences Agents to fill up the sd. Licences Copy of each is as follows
Luenoe wi glent.
Sepain gentorist efale Sepain gentorist efale
vicien, que et bajel Nombrado vicien, que et bajel Nombrado
deCorkde Toneladas poco mas omenos a deCorkde Toneladas poco mas omenos a
ye Havegado con ye Havegado con
Cargo del Capt. Cargo del Capt.
Maineros esta en virted del Cophato Ajustam Maineros esta en virted del Cophato Ajustam
entre Su Maj. Bretanuca Regna Anina entre Su Maj. Bretanuca Regna Anina
of Diostenga en Gloria yel Mag Cothe gue of Diostenga en Gloria yel Mag Cothe gue
Dios Guarde sufha en Madred a binte Dios Guarde sufha en Madred a binte
ye Seis &e Marco &c 1713 parala Introducion ye Seis &e Marco &c 1713 parala Introducion
Delelevor Neg enlas Indias Hetado con Delelevor Neg enlas Indias Hetado con
Liencia &ela Compania Oc Real Ass. bela Liencia &ela Compania Oc Real Ass. bela
Gn Bretana parallevary conducer Gn Bretana parallevary conducer
dela Isladesamaica al Rierto de dela Isladesamaica al Rierto de
8 oteo quolquier Puerto o Lugar ene Reresld 8 oteo quolquier Puerto o Lugar ene Reresld
Norte sela, Indias Occidentales Norte sela, Indias Occidentales
Espanolas ecla America Espanolas ecla America
Hombres Hombres
Esclavos Negroes es a saber, Esclavos Negroes es a saber,
Mugeres Muchachos y Mugeres Muchachos y
Muchaches (Fiendo henados conlas Carcade Muchaches (Fiendo henados conlas Carcade
the Comps. como en la Margen) Y se alli the Comps. como en la Margen) Y se alli
Tranpertar los Frutos sela seeria aoho Tranpertar los Frutos sela seeria aoho
qualquier Puerts o Lugar en Conformidad belt to qualquier Puerts o Lugar en Conformidad belt to
Contralo Contralo
License with liberty
est Known Be it Known
unto all to whom these Presents shall come unto all to whom these Presents shall come
that of the the Vessel Named the that the Vessel Named the of the
Burthen of Tuns more or lef under the Burthen of Tuns more or lef under the
Comand and Navigated wth Comand of Capt and Navigated wth
Geaner, is by Vilue of he Seamen, is (by Virtue of the
Contract or Agreemt made between her Contract or Agreemt made between her
Britanick Maj Queen lumnow in Glor Britanick Maj Queen Anne (now in Glory)
and his CM whom God Reserve ebted and his CM (whom God Preserve) & eted
in Medied the 26th dar of March 1713 in Madrid the 26th day of March 1713
for the Introducing Reg laves into the Indies for the Introducing Neg Slaves into the Indies
Treighted by Liceunce of the B Ys Co. of Great Freighted by Licence of the Rl Asso Co. of Great
Britaik to cary & Transfeat from Britain to carry & Transport from
the Island of Samaiiu to the Cortof the Island of Jamaica to the Port of
or any other Port or Race in the North Leasof or any other Port or Place in the North Seas of
the Spanish West Jndies of America the Spanish West Indies of America
Negio Mox slaves viz Negro slaves viz Men
Women Boys & Women Boys &
Girls allatterkd with the sd Ahsd Comps Girls (all Markd with the sd Asso Comps
Mark as Margin, and to Tramsport from Mark as P Margin, and to Transport from
thence the Truits of the Country to any thence the Fruits of the Country to any
other Port or Pace pursuant to the sid other Port or Place pursuant to the said
Assd. Contract Asso. Contract