DLegister of Instruments Sealed DLegister of Instruments Sealed
with the Companys Seal since the with the Companys Seal since the
Court of Directors chosen 31. January Court of Directors chosen 31. January
and 2 February 1720 and 2 February 1720
At a Comittee of the Treasury) 21 March 1720 At a Comittee of the Treasury) 21 March 1720
Mr De Gols laid before the Comittee an Instrument dated Mr De Gols laid before the Comittee an Instrument dated
the 18th Instant for empowering) him to receive the moneys pay the 18th Instant for empowering) him to receive the moneys pay
to the Company out of the Receipt of the Exchequer. The Comittee to the Company out of the Receipt of the Exchequer. The Comittee
affixed the Companys Seal to the said Instrument and delivered affixed the Companys Seal to the said Instrument and delivered
the same to Mr De Gols the same to Mr De Gols
The Instrument is as follows vn The Instrument is as follows vn
Know all Men by these Pesents That the Gov. Know all Men by these Pesents That the Gov.
and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the
South Seas & other Parts of America & for Encouraging the South Seas & other Parts of America & for Encouraging the
Fishery Do hereby Authorize & Impower Mr Conrade Do Gols Fishery Do hereby Authorize & Impower Mr Conrade Do Gols
the Present Cashicer of the said Company To the Use of the said the Present Cashicer of the said Company To the Use of the said
Governor & Company to receive of & from the Rt Honble George Governor & Company to receive of & from the Rt Honble George
Earl of Ballefax, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchegr for the Time Earl of Ballefax, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchegr for the Time
being & of whomsoever else it doth shall or may Cncern all & every being & of whomsoever else it doth shall or may Cncern all & every
Such Sum & Sums of Money as now is are or which at any Tune or Such Sum & Sums of Money as now is are or which at any Tune or
Tunes hereafter shall or may be, or become due owing or payable Tunes hereafter shall or may be, or become due owing or payable
to the sd. Gov. and Company or their Successors by from or out of to the sd. Gov. and Company or their Successors by from or out of
the said Receipt of excheat upon or by Vetue of an Act of Parliamt the said Receipt of excheat upon or by Vetue of an Act of Parliamt
of the Ninth year of her late Majesty's Reign (Entrbled An Act of the Ninth year of her late Majesty's Reign (Entrbled An Act
for for