know ye that the ship Royal Prince of the Burthen of Six hundred know ye that the ship Royal Prince of the Burthen of Six hundred
and twenty tuns little more or less under the Comand of Capt. Will and twenty tuns little more or less under the Comand of Capt. Will
CIlland and Navigated with 160 English Seamen doth belong CIlland and Navigated with 160 English Seamen doth belong
unto and is loaded by and for the Account of the Royal Assinto unto and is loaded by and for the Account of the Royal Assinto
Company of Great Britain from the Port of Condon to Carry and Company of Great Britain from the Port of Condon to Carry and
transport a Cargo of Goods and Merchandize to la Vera Crur in New transport a Cargo of Goods and Merchandize to la Vera Crur in New
Spain pursuant to the Assients or Contract made betwixt her late Spain pursuant to the Assients or Contract made betwixt her late
Majtr the Queen of Great Britain Cnow in Glory and his Cath: Majr. Majtr the Queen of Great Britain Cnow in Glory and his Cath: Majr.
whom God preserve dated in Madeed the 26 of March 1713. And whom God preserve dated in Madeed the 26 of March 1713. And
also to a Conventr lately made between his Britt Majesty whom God also to a Conventr lately made between his Britt Majesty whom God
Preserve and his Cathl Majetr dated at Buen Reliro the 12t of June Preserve and his Cathl Majetr dated at Buen Reliro the 12t of June
1716 for Explaining the said Assients or Contract Wherefore 1716 for Explaining the said Assients or Contract Wherefore
It is desired and Intreated that all Vice Roys Capt. Genl Presidents It is desired and Intreated that all Vice Roys Capt. Genl Presidents
of the Royal Audience Govrs Admrs Royal Officers Justices and of the Royal Audience Govrs Admrs Royal Officers Justices and
all other offcs of his Cathl Majt in the Indies of what Degree or all other offcs of his Cathl Majt in the Indies of what Degree or
Quality soever to whom doth or may belong the Execution of the Quality soever to whom doth or may belong the Execution of the
said Assients and Convention will be pleased to Protect and Assist said Assients and Convention will be pleased to Protect and Assist
the said Capt. his Ship Men and Cargoe, And Permit and suffer him the said Capt. his Ship Men and Cargoe, And Permit and suffer him
together with the said Ship and argoe, to Enterfreely into the said together with the said Ship and argoe, to Enterfreely into the said
Ports and Land and Sell the Cargoe without any Molestation or Ports and Land and Sell the Cargoe without any Molestation or
Hinderance therein nor in the Provding Provisions and Refreckmt. Hinderance therein nor in the Provding Provisions and Refreckmt.
taking in her loading and making her Return to Great Britain taking in her loading and making her Return to Great Britain
purseant to the Assients and Convention whereof the Ct. Carrys
AuthenAck Copies, In Testimony whereof the Seal of the said Comp. AuthenAck Copies, In Testimony whereof the Seal of the said Comp.
is Affixed to this Certificate which is also Signed by the under written is Affixed to this Certificate which is also Signed by the under written
Secretary to the Company in Condon
Tthe twenty Sixth day of April 1723 Tthe twenty Sixth day of April 1723
Byrder of the Roy. Ass. Comp. By order of the Royl. Asso. Compa.
of Geat Brith of Great Britn
Dhescomb Sec D Wescomb Sec