To all Rice Roys Captain General To all Rice Roys Captain General
Presidents of the Royal Audrence Governorrs Presidents of the Royal Audrence Governorrs
Admirals Royal Officers, Justices, and all Admirals Royal Officers, Justices, and all
other Officers of his C. A. in the Indies other Officers of his C. A. in the Indies
& all other Persons whom it doth or & all other Persons whom it doth or
may Concern Greeting. may Concern Greeting.
Know yee Thathe shiy Royal Gerge of the Bourther of Se Know yee Thathe shiy Royal Gerge of the Bourther of Se
hundred and thisty Tous little more or left under the Comand of Capt. John hundred and thisty Tous little more or left under the Comand of Capt. John
Davison and Navigated with one hundred & sixty English Seamen, doth Davison and Navigated with one hundred & sixty English Seamen, doth
belong unto, and is loaded by and for the Account of the Royal Assients belong unto, and is loaded by and for the Account of the Royal Assients
Company of Great Britain from the Port of London to carry and transport a Company of Great Britain from the Port of London to carry and transport a
Carge of Goods, and Merchandise to Cartagena & Portobelo pursuant to the Carge of Goods, and Merchandise to Cartagena & Portobelo pursuant to the
Affierts Contract made betwen hs late Majesty the Quen of Great Britain Affierts Contract made betwen hs late Majesty the Quen of Great Britain
(now in Glory And his Catholick Majt. (whom God preserve Dated in
Madred the 26th of March 173 And also to a Subsequent Convention make
between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain Dated at Buen Retiro the between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain Dated at Buen Retiro the
12th of June 1716 for explaining the said Assicents or Contract Wherefore 12th of June 1716 for explaining the said Assicents or Contract Wherefore
it is desired and Intreated That all Vice Roys Captn Genl Presidents of the it is desired and Intreated That all Vice Roys Captn Genl Presidents of the
Royal Audience Govr Admirals Royal Officers Justices & all other officers of Royal Audience Govr Admirals Royal Officers Justices & all other officers of
his C.M. in the Indies of what Degree n Quality sever to whon sith or mugbelong his C.M. in the Indies of what Degree n Quality sever to whon sith or mugbelong
the Execution of the said Afscents & Convention will be pleane to protect, and Assist the the Execution of the said Afscents & Convention will be pleane to protect, and Assist the
said Captain his ship Men and Cargo, and permut and suffer the said Ship, and
Cargo to enter frely into the said Pont without any Molistation, on Hindrance therein Cargo to enter frely into the said Pont without any Molistation, on Hindrance therein
ol in the praviding Provisions and Refeshments taking in her Loading and
making her Returns to Great Britain pursuant to the said Assiente and Convention making her Returns to Great Britain pursuant to the said Assiente and Convention
whereof the Capt. carries Authentich Copies In testimony whereof the
Seal of the said Comps. is affired to this Certificate, which is also sign'd by the
underwaitten secy to the Comp in Lonson the 12 Day of Dec Annoy Dony 1723
By Order of the Court of By Order of the Court of
Sprectors of the D Assunts L Sprectors of the D Assunts L
Comp of GreatBntain Comp of GreatBntain
DM Secy DM Secy