Conformided deb diche Contrato Conformided deb diche Contrato
Tor tanto pide te Supplica la dicha Comper
a todos for vineys. Governadore. Capitanes a todos for vineys. Governadore. Capitanes
Generales officiales de la Real Harienday Generales officiales de la Real Harienday
otros qualquier offiziales de su Majestad otros qualquier offiziales de su Majestad
Catholica en las India de quelquier grado Catholica en las India de quelquier grado
Darlidad que sean quedensu Protecsion y Assiteai Darlidad que sean quedensu Protecsion y Assiteai
al licho Capitan, Iu vojel y Carga de Negres al licho Capitan, Iu vojel y Carga de Negres
ysu Producte y le Permitan ye desen entrer ysu Producte y le Permitan ye desen entrer
concllos liberamente en todos o qualgmer de ducto
Puerto 8 Quertor 9 disargar ye vender diches Puerto 8 Quertor 9 disargar ye vender diches
Negror g in Produto Sin Panerle Molestation Negror g in Produto Sin Panerle Molestation
hn Embaraca alguso Jorser assi estipulado en hn Embaraca alguso Jorser assi estipulado en
lor Capitulos del assiento de los Quale Elsva lor Capitulos del assiento de los Quale Elsva
la Copia il dicho Capitan. En Testimonio la Copia il dicho Capitan. En Testimonio
de lo qual la dicha Compania del Real de lo qual la dicha Compania del Real
Afsiento ha mandado Sellar este Presente Afsiento ha mandado Sellar este Presente
despacko en Cipanol of Ingles con su commun
Selto en Londses firmado o Don Danel Selto en Londses firmado o Don Danel
Wescomb. sn Inpa escripto Secretario en Wescomb. sn Inpa escripto Secretario en
18 dia de Dercembre de 1717 Gcontra 18 dia de Dercembre de 1717 Gcontra
firmado yhe Sellato con las Armes firmado yhe Sellato con las Armes
de dicha Compania Sin Poportadore de dicha Compania Sin Poportadore
Supporters at Barbadoes, by Dudley
Modorilge Director general p Modorilge Director general p
le dictia Compania et le dictia Compania et
dia de dia de
and all other Officers of his cath. Majaty and all other Officers of his cath. Majaty
in the Indies of what Degree or Quality soeree in the Indies of what Degree or Quality soever
will Protect & assist the said Captain Vesel will Protect & assist the said Captain Vessel
and Cargor of Negroes and their Roduce and and Cargoe of Negroes and their Produce and
permit & suffer him & them to enter fieely) permit & suffer him & them to enter freely)
into all or any of the said Port or Ports, thee into all or any of the said Port or Ports, there
to land and sele the said Negroe and their to land and sell the said Negroes and their
Produce without any molestationor Hanine Produce without any molestation or Hindrance
it being so stipulated in the said it being so stipulated in the said
artiules of assients whereof the said articles of assiento Whereof the said
Captain carries alopy. In Captain carries a Copy. In
Pestimony) whereof the ad Testimony whereof the said
Royal Assiento Company have Royal Assiento Company have
caused their Common Seal to be caused their Common Seal to be
afrad to there Resents in English affixd to these Presents in English
and Spanish in London and and Spanish in London and
Signed by Daniel Wescomb then Signed by Daniel Wescomb their
underwritten Secretary the 18th underwritten Secretary the 18th
Day of December Anno Domp7 Day of December Anno Dom 1717
And Countersigned Bbealed with And Countersigned & Sealed with
the Arme of thes Company without the Arms of the sd Company without
Supporters at Barbadoes, by Dudley
Woodbridge Eqr. thenr Director Generel Woodbridge Esqr. their Director Generel
there Day the of there the Day of
Anno Dom: 17 Anno Dom: 17
Also to One hundred Licences or Passes numberd from 110 100 Also to One hundred Licences or Passes numberd from 110 100
without Liberty of transporting the fruits of the Country vizt without Liberty of transporting the fruits of the Country vizt
Sepan quantos esto Presente Vieren Sepan quantos esto Presente Vieren
Nombrad Nombrad
these Presents shall some That the
de Porte se de Porte se
Toncladas poco may omenos a laigo del Toncladas poco may omenos a laigo del
Apitau Apitau
N No
We it known unto all to whom Be it known unto all to whom
these Presents shall Come That the
named he named the
of the Burthen of of the Burthen of Tuns