And that each of the said Companys and their Agents and And that each of the said Companys and their Agents and
Comanders of their Ships respectively shall stand to Abide Comanders of their Ships respectively shall stand to Abide
by, and perform the Award, Arbitration, and Determination, by, and perform the Award, Arbitration, and Determination,
of such Umpire. of such Umpire.
Item For the true payment and Performance of all and 6 Item For the true payment and Performance of all and
Singular the payments, Covenants, Articles, Clauses Conditions Singular the payments, Covenants, Articles, Clauses Conditions
Provisoes, and agreements herein Contained on the part and Provisoes, and agreements herein Contained on the part and
behalf of the said Govr and Company, to be paid Done, Observd behalf of the said Govr and Company & their successors, to be paid Done, Observd
performd, Fulfilld and kept the said Govr and Company performd, Fulfilld and kept the said Govr and Company
Bind themselves and their successors, unto the said Royal Bind themselves and their successors, unto the said Royal
African Company and their Successors, in the penal Sum of African Company and their Successors, in the penal Sum of
127800 Pounds of lawful money of Great Britain Tirmly by 127,800 Pounds of lawful money of Great Britain Firmly by
these presents. And for the true payment & performance of all these presents. And for the true payment & performance of all
and singular the payments, Covenants Articles, Clauses, Conditions and singular the payments, Covenants Articles, Clauses, Conditions
provisoes & agreements herein Centained on the part & behalf provisoes & agreements herein Contained on the part & behalf
to be paid don ofseioy performd fulfilld & kept f s a to be paid don ofseioy performd fulfilld & kept f s a
of the said Royal African Company and teir successors, bind of the said Royal African Company and their successors to be paid done observed fulfilled & kept by ye R Afr Co, bind
themselves and their Successors, unto the said Govr. and Comp themselves and their Successors, unto the said Govr. and Compa
and their successors in the penal Sum of 127,800 Pounds of and their successors in the penal Sum of 127,800 Pounds of
Lawful money of Great Britain Firmly by these presents In Lawful money of Great Britain Firmly by these presents In
Witness whereof to these present Articles, the said two Witness whereof to these present Articles, the said two
Companys respectively have Caused their Common Seals to be Companys respectively have Caused their Common Seals to be
interchangeably affied the Day and Year first above writen interchangeably affied the Day and Year first above writen
By Erder of the Court By Order of the Court
of Directors. of Directors.
D. W. Secy D. W. Secy
The Comrs affixed the Companys Seal to a Charterparty between The Comrs affixed the Companys Seal to a Charterparty between
this Company and Edward Firard Junr Capt John Smith & Maltis this Company and Edward Tizard Junr Capt John Smith & Maltis
Ryall Owners of the assients Trigate freighted for Angola and Ryall Owners of the Assiento Frigate freighted for Angola and
Buenos Ayres Buenos Ayres