Contrato ajustado entre Suilleg. Contrato ajustado entre Suilleg.
Bectanica Reyna Anna au Bectanica Reyna Anna au
Dios tenga en Glore) y sh Mag. Dios tenga en Glore) y sh Mag.
Cathe (que Dios Guarde) sutha on Cathe (que Dios Guarde) sutha on
Madrid a 26 a Mario &e Madrid a 26 a Mario &e
1713 parcila Introducion & Eseclavor 1713 parcila Introducion & Eseclavor
Ney enlas Indias) Tletado con Li= Ney enlas Indias) Tletado con Li=
cencia dcla Comp del R Assiento cencia dcla Comp del R Assiento
Ocla Gran Bretana parallevar y Ocla Gran Bretana parallevar y
conducir Oela Fla ec Barbados conducir Oela Fla ec Barbados
al Puerto de Puerto Rico on MMars al Puerto de Puerto Rico on MMars
OelNorte dela Indias Occiden OelNorte dela Indias Occiden
tales to panolas Oele Ameri tales to panolas Oele Ameri
ca Dier Esclavos Reg. es a Saver ca Dier Esclavos Reg. es a Saver
Siendo herrados conla Marcade lethe Siendo herrados conla Marcade lethe
Comps como enla Margen Comps como enla Margen
Lortanto pide ye Suphica Lortanto pide ye Suphica
la The Compania a todos los biruyes la The Compania a todos los biruyes
Governadores Capitares Generall Governadores Capitares Generall
Zeales Ocla Real Harienda, yoho Zeales Ocla Real Harienda, yoho
qualquier Ofiriales &e Su Mag Cath qualquier Ofiriales &e Su Mag Cath
enlas Indias, &e qualquier Grado enlas Indias, &e qualquier Grado
o Caldad gue Sean, que deusu Ro: o Caldad gue Sean, que deusu Ro:
tecion ye Assistancia al dicko tecion ye Assistancia al dicko
Capital su Vajel ye Carge beNleg Capital su Vajel ye Carge beNleg
ye se Producto, yle permitany ye se Producto, yle permitany
deaen Entiar conellos libremente deaen Entiar conellos libremente
en tho Puerto, ye desembarcar ye en tho Puerto, ye desembarcar ye
reender thos Negr sin Molestia reender thos Negr sin Molestia
ni Embarac alguno, siend o es ni Embarac alguno, siend o es
out, any Molestation or Hindrance
tipulado enlos Captulos selless. tipulado enlos Captulos selless.
I being sipuilated in the Articler
delos qualer llevala Copia delos qualer llevala Copia
of Ass: where of the sd Capt cauys a
Contract or Agreemt. made betwean Contract or Agreemt. made betwean
her Britanick MajestieQueen her Britanick Majestie Queen
Annisnow in Glorg) and Ann (now in Glory) and
his Cath Majestee whom God his Cath Majestie (whom God
Reserve dated in Madred Preserve) dated in Madrid
26 day of March 1713 for the Ptro 26 day of March 1713 for the Intro
Ducing Negrs Slaves into & Tridies Ducing Negro Slaves into ye Indies
fregled by Lience of the R. Ass freighted by Licence of the Rl. Asso
Comp. of Great Britain Compa. of Great Britain
to carey and Transport from the to carry and Transport from the
Island of Barbadoes to tort Island of Barbadoes to the Port
of Cortories in the North Lear f7 of Portorico in the North Seas of ye
Spenish west Indies of Ancica Spanish west Indies of America
Ten Negrs Slaves, vizt Ten Negro Slaves, vizt
all Markd with the sd Ass: (all Markd with the sd Asso
Comp Mark es f Margin Comps Mark as P Margin)
Wherefore it y e Wherefore it us de
sired and entreated. That all sired and entreated. That all
ViceRoys Gov. Cop. General Vice Roys Govrs. Caps. General
Officers of the R. Revenues, & Officers of the Rl. Revenues, &
all other Officers of his Catt W all other Officers of his Catho My
in the Andies, of what degree in the Indies, of what degree
or Quality soever, will Protect & or Quality soever, will Protect &
Assist Rhesd Capt Vesiel& Cago Assist the sd Capt Vessel & Cago
of Negros and then Roduce of Negros and then Produce
and permit & suffer him and permit & suffer him
and tham to enterfieely and them to enter freely
into the said Port, there to into the said Port, there to
land and Sell the sd Regr wth land and Sell the sd Negs wth
out, any Molestation or Hindrance
It being stipuilated in the Articles
of Asso: where of the sd Capt carrys a
Copy Copy