made in Writing under the Htands and Seals of the sd Arbitrator made in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the s^d [said] Arbitrators
or any three of them ready to be delivered to the said Parties or any three of them ready to be delivered to the said Parties
indifference or such of them as shall defie the same mor indifference or such of them as shall desire the same on or
before the 13th day of December 1734 Then this obligation to before the 18.^th day of December 1734. Then this obligation to
bevoid or elve to remain in full Force And it is hereby be void or else to remain infull Force And it is hereby
Agreed by and between the said Parties that this their Agreed by and between the said Parties that this their
Submission be made a Rule of some one of his Majestys Submission be made a Rule of someone of his Majestys
Courts of Record at Westminster pursuant to the Act of Courts of Record at Westminster pursuant to the Act of
Parliament in that behalf made and provided Parliament in that behalf Made and provided
Byordo of the Cout of Le. By order of the Court of LS.
Directors of the above names Directors of the abovenamed
Govendes and Compiny Governor and Company
W.S. Jeby W.S. Sec^ry. [Secretary]
Dursuant to an order of Court this morning theComite Pursuant to an order of Court this morning, the Comittee
affixed the Companys Seal to an assignment from the Southsea affixed the Companys Seal to an assignment, from the South Sea
Company to Mr Peter Seignoret, Mr Solomon Penny, and Mr Company to M.^r Peter Seignoret, M^r Solomon Penny, and M.^r
Fredorick Frankland of Sir John Blunts Mortgage on the Frederick Frankland, of Sir John Blunts Mortgage on the
Water works at Norwick Dated t0 July 1734 Water Works at Norwick Dated 10. July 1734.
See SealBook of the Committee of Trust See SealBook of the Comittee of Trust
The Comitte en presuance of an orderof Court of the 235. Instant The Comittee in pursuance of an order of Court of the 25.^th  Instant
affived the Companys Seal to the following Quplicates Rit Affixed the Companys Seal to the following Duplicates Viz:^t [Videlicet]
of a Deputation for the Companys Agents at Barbados of a Deputation for the Companys Agents at Barbados
of one part of the Covenants between the Company and Tthom of one part of the Covenants between the Company and Them
of 20 Certificates or Passes (numbred from 1 to 20) of 20. Certificates or Passes (Numbred from 1. to 20)
and also of the Deputation for Mr Butcher and also of the Deputation for M.^r Butcher