Comn ye Sastion Com^ee of  Treasury
Surficants to andoder of thelat Cornt of Dertor of Surficant to an order of the late Court of directors of
7 March 1732 7 March 1732
the 26 January last The Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to 🗸the 26 January last The Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to
Bills of Sale of the following Greenland Ships Vizt Bills of Sale of the following Greenland Ships Viz^t
of the Eagle to Mr. William Challoner Dated 2 ecen. 1782 🗸of the Eagle to Mr. William Challoner Dated 23^d  decem^r. 1732
o Febr 8 Fe^bry
sd Concord to George Morrisson 🗸 Concord    to George Morrisson
The Committee likewise in pursuance of an order of Court of The Committee likewise in pursuance of an order of Court of
the 2 Instant Affixed the Companys Seal to an Instrument the 2 ^d Instant Affixed the Companys Seal to an Instrument
Empowering Vigenis Edwards Esqr to receive from Mr Kymnaston Empowering Vigerus Edwards Esq^r to receive from Mr Kynaston
a Master in Chancery several Writings therein mentioned a Master in Chancery several Writings therein mentioned
relating to the Norfolk Dstates and Oated the 2 March 1732 relating to the Norfolk Estates and Dated the 2:^d March 1732.
Comof rasory Com^ee of Treasury 
The Minutes of the Comitte for Law Suits of the The Minutes of the Comittee for Law Suits of the
20 March 1732. 20th March 1732.
19th Instant, wherein they approve and Agree to an Engrossd 19th Instant, wherein they approve and Agree to an Engross'd
Imstrument of Notice to William Harvey Esqr of the Companys Instrument of Notice to William Harvey Esq^r of the Companys
intention to determine their Lease of Mr De Gols's House intention to determine their Lease of Mr De Gols's House
on the 25 March 1734 with their opinion that the Companys on the 25^th March 1734 with their opinion that the Companys
Seal should be affiad thereto being read. This Committee Seal should be affixd thereto being read. This Committee
therefore in pursuance of an order of Court of the 16th Inst therefore in pursuance of an order of Court of the 16th Inst
(Grounded on the said Approbation) have Caused the Compys. (grounded on the said Approbation) have Caused the Compy^s.
Seal to be Affixed to the said Instrument, which is dated Seal to be Affixed to the said Instrument, which is dated
this day this day
And is as follows. Vizt And is as follows. Vizt
Tr Tro