87 87
of the said Companys Affairs there and for that reason the of the said Companys Affairs there and for that reason the
Court of directors of the said Company have given directions Court of directors of the said Company have given directions
to their said Agents at Jamarca to dispatch the said Sloop to their said Agents at Jamaica to dispatch the said Sloop
or Vessel with the said Mr Hays and to Carry only or Vessel with the said M.^r Hays and to Carry only
Regrow and no more wherefore the said Sloop or Vessel Es tr Negroes and no more therefore the said Sloop or Vessel is to
be freely Admitted into Vora Cruy and parmitted there to be freely Admitted into Vera Cruz and permitted there to
deliver the said Mr Hays and his Stores and Necessarys deliver the said M.^r Hays and his Stores and Necessarys
stores & necessarys Stores & necessarys
together with the said Negrow and Negro Stores and Provisions together with the said Negroes and Negro Stores and Provisions
to be carried by to be carried by
Ways M.^r Hays.
and one Menial Servant And the several Ministers and and one Menial Servant And the several Ministers and
Officers of his Catholick Majesty are tureby desired to give Officers of his Catholick Majsty are hereby desired to give
all due protection and dispatch to the said Stoopor Vessel and All due protection and dispatch to the said Sloop or Vessel and
the said Mr Hays and to Sauilitate his Sales of the said Negree the said M.^r Hays and to facilitate his Sales of the said Negroes
Jn Witness whereof the Court of tirectors of the said Company In Witness whereof the Court of directors of the said Company
heve Caused their Comon Seal to be hereunto Affixed Oone have Caused their Comon Seal to be hereunto Affixed Done
inlondon the Sourteenth day of February in the Year of Our in London the Fourteenth day of February in the Year of Our
Lord One thousand Seven hundred and thirty four Lord One thousand Seven hundred and thirty four
By one f he Cantof And By Order of the Court of Direct.^rs [Directors]
of the Royal Apsrents Company of of the Royal Assiento Company of
SS LS
Great Britain Great Britain
W. S. Secntt. W. S. Secret.^y [Secretary]
Dr: Thanas Geraldins deal Consys &e s. My director on se Rt Nonbri delas Negns D.^r Thomas Geraldino deal Consejo s. My director on to R.l Nombre de los Negros{ Negroes|}
delacomp derl Assient& de Negnr en la Conte delondres Certifieo gue laficencia rada delacomp . a  derl Assient& de Negro en la Corte delondres Certifieo gue laficencia dada
porel Tribunal de derectores & tha Compa Esenta enere pliege Sellada con sorel Tribunal de derectores & tha Compa Esenta enere pliege Sellada con
el Sello Mayor de sus Armas ye firmado por dr Guiltermo Smith susccretaris el Sello Mayor de sus Armas ye firmado por dr Guiltermo Smith susccretaris
laque se ha de havilitar por Messrs Pratter ye Merewither Agentes de dha laque se ha de havilitar por Messrs Pratter ye Merewither Agentes de dha
Comp in Jamaica ye Sellar concl Sells que a este fin trinen in sucdder Comp in Jamaica ye Sellar concl Sells que a este fin trinen in sucdder
is dade on my yntervension, ypara que conste lesime en Condres a p de is dade on my yntervension, ypara que conste lesime en Condres a p de
Abril de 1735. April de 1735.
Theone Graden Thomas Geraldino