31
Company do hereby Ratify and Confirm all and whatsoever Company do hereby Ratify and Confirm all and whatsoever
the said Edward Pratter and John Morewether shall the said Edward Pratter and John Morewether shall
Lawfully do or Cause to be done in and about the Premisses Lawfully do or Cause to be done in and about the Premisses
by Virtue of these Presents and do hereby Reooke make by Virtue of these Presents and do hereby Revoke make
Kull and Doid All former Powers and Authoritys by them Null and Void All former Powers and Authoritys by them
heretofore given to any Person or Persons for Acting as heretofore given to any Person or Persons for Acting as
the said Companys Agents in the Island of Jamaica the said Companys agents in the Island of Jamaica
In Witness whereof the said Company have Caused their In Witness whereof the said Company have Caused their
Comon Seal to be hereunto Affixed Done in London the Comon Seal to be hereunto affixed Done in London the
Twenty Eighth day of September in the Year of Our Lord Twenty Eighth day of September in the Year of Our Lord
One thousand Seven hundred and thirty three One thousand Seven hundred and thirty three
By order of the Court of Directors By order of the Court of Directors
of the above Named Company of the above Named Company
Is L.S.
W.S. Secy.CC W.S. Sec.^ry[Secretary] 
This Indenture made the Twenty Eighth This Indenture made the Twenty Eighth
day of September in the Year of OurLord One thousand day of September in the Year of Our Lord One thousand
seven hundred and thirty three and in the seventh year 
of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord George the Second of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord George the Second
by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland
King defender of the Faith &c Between the Governor King Defender of the Faith . Between the Government
and Company of Merchants of Great Britain Trading and Company of Merchants of Great Britain Trading
to the South Leas and other parts of America and for to the South Seas and other parts of America and for
Encouraging the Pishery (Comonly called the South Encouraging the Fishery (Comonly called the South
Sea Company) of the One part and Edward Pratter Sea Company) of the One part and Edward Pratter
and and
Covenants Covenants
S. S. Comp. S. S. Comp.
Mess.^er[Messengers] Pratter 
&
& Merewither & Merewether
Agents at Jamaia Agents at Jamaica