to Assent to an Arbitration between the Representatives of to Assent to an Arbitration between the Representatives of
fol Bennett and the Assignees of Mr John Ward, Dated yesterdays Col Bennett and the Assignees of Mr John Ward, Dated yesterday
Also to a Lease from the South SeaCompany to Mr John Also to a Lease from the South SeaCompany to Mr John
Darvill of the Tarm of Hampriths or Westham mn Com Esex Darvill of the Farm of Hamprith or Westham in Com Essex
Dated this day Dated this day
Com. of Treasiry Com.^ee of Treasury
Surfuant to an order of Court of the 1rd Instant the Pursuant to an order of Court of the 13th Instant the
23 Jany 1753 23 Janry 1733
Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the southsea Companys Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the South Sea Companys
further Answer to the Bill of Sir George Caswall & John further Answer to the Bill of Sir George Caswall & John
Laswall Caswall
Com. of Treasury Com.^ee of Treasury
Persuant to an order of Court of this day the Comittee Pursuant to an order of Court of this day the Comittee
25 Jany 1733 25 Janry 1733
Re affixed the Companys Seal to a Deputation from the Re affixed the Companys Seal to a Deputation from the
South Sea Company to Mr Hodghins to hold a Mannor South Sea Company to Mr Hodghins to hold a Mannor
Court at Westhams, who in the said Deputation was by Court at Westhams, who in the said Deputation was by
mistake inserted Hoagson mistake inserted Hodgson
Comr. of Treasure Com.^ee of Treasury
Pursuant to an order of Court of the 3t. Instant The Comittee Pursuant to an order of Court of the 8th Instant The Comittee
13 Feby. 1733 13 Feb^ry. 1733
affixed the Companys Seal to a Bargain and Sale of the Equity affixed the Companys Seal to a Bargain and Sale of the Equity
of Redemption of Lands in Shorrington in the County of Bucke of Redemption of Lands in Shorrington in the County of Bucks
from the South Sealompany and the Assignees of Thos Knight from the South Sea Company and the Assignees of Tho Knight
a Bankrupt to William Astell Merchant the Surchaser a Bankrupt to William Astell Merchant the Purchase
thereof Dated 5 February 1783. there of Dated 5th February 1733.
Com of Treasur, Com.^ee of Treasury
The Comittee in further pursuance of the order of Court of the The Comittee in further pursuance of the order of Court of the
21 Feby. 1733 21 Febry. 1733
22 March last affixed the Companys Seal to 500 Bonds for 22nd March last affixed the Companys Seal to 500 Bonds for
oner one