of them or either of them In Witness whereof the said of them or either of them In Witness whereof the said
Company have laused their Comon Seal to be Affixed to these Company have caused their Comon Seal to be Affixed to these
Presents done in London the Twenty Seventh day of April Presents done in London the Twenty Seventh day of April
in the year of Ourford One thousand Seven hundred and thirty in the year of Our lord One thousand Seven hundred and thirty
fhoe three
By Order of the Court of Direct By Order of the Court of Direct
of the above amed sompony of the above Named company
P. Smith Sert W. Smith Sec^t
This Indenture made the Twenty Sevanth This Indenture made the Twenty Seventh
Covenants Covenants
day of April in the Year of Our Lord One thousand Seven day of April in the ,Year of Our Lord One thousand Seven
S. S. Company S. S. Company
hundred and thirty three and in the Sixth Year of the Reign hundred and thirty three and in the Sixth Year of the Reign
Mess. Hallway Mess^r. Hallway
of Our Sovereign Lord George the Second by the Grace of God of Our Sovereign Lord George the Second by the Grace of God
& Eden & Eden
of Great Britain France and Ireland King defender of of Great Britain France and Ireland King defender of
the Saith &c. Between the Governour and Company of the Saith &c. Between the Governour and Company of
Merchants of Great Britain Trading to the South Merchants of Great Britain Trading to the South
Leas and other part of America and for Encouraging Seas and other part of America and for Encouraging
the Sichery (Comonly Called the fouth Sea Company the Fishery (Comonly Called the South Sea Company)
of the One part and Nicholas Hollway and John Eden of the One part and Nicholas Hollway and John Eden
of London Merchants of the other part Whereas in of London Merchants of the other part Whereas in
and by a certain Instrument or Deputation under and by a certain Instrument or Deputation under
the Comon Seal of the said Company bearing even date the Comon Seal of the said Company bearing even date
herewith The said Company have Nominated herewith The said Company have Nominated
Constituted and Appointed the said Nicholas Hollway Constituted and Appointed the said Nicholas Hollway
and John Eden to be their Lawfull Agents and Tactors and John Eden to be their Lawfull Agents and Factors
for for