144 144.
Royal Assiento Company and in their Names to do Excuise Royal Assiento Company and in their Names to do Execute 
and Perform all Matters and Things requisite and necessary to and Perform all Matters and Things requisite and necessary to
be done and performed in relation thereto Pn Witness be done and performed in relation thereto In Witness
whereof the said Company have Caused their Common Seal whereof the said Company have Caused their Common Seal
to be hereunto affixed Done in London this second day of to be hereunto affixed Done in London this second day of
August in the Year of our Lords One thousand seven hundred August in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred
and thirty four and thirty four
By order of the Court of By order of the Court of
Ded LS
Directors of the above named Directors of the abovenamed
Royad assent Company Royal assiento Company
W. Smith Secry W. Smith Sec^ry [Secretary]
Com of Teasiry Com^ee [Committee] of Treasury
The Secretary laid before the Comittee a Bond Executed by Mr The Secretary laid before the Comittee a Bond Executed by W.^r
19 Septem 1734 Blackwood in the Penalty of £4000 for referring to Arbitation 19 Septem:^r [September] 1734, Blackwood in the Penalty of £4000. for referring to Arbitation
all matters in difference between the Company and him, wherepone all matters in difference between the Company and him, whereupon
the Committee inpursuance of the order of Court of the 12 July last the Committee inpursuance of the order of Court of the 12. July last
Blckwood Blackwood.
affixd the Companys Seal to the like Bond to him from the affix'd the Companys Seal to the like Bond to him from the
Atstration Bond. Company both dated gesterday wch ys as followy Vig Arbitration Bond. Company both dated yesterday.  w.^ch [which] is as follows Viz.^t [Videlicet]
Whereas some Disputes and Controverses have arison Where as some Disputes and Controversies  have arisen 
between the above bound Governor and Company and the between the above bound Governor and Company and the
above name John Blackwood in relation to a certain Bond abovenamed John Blackwood in relation to a certain Bond
or obligation dated the Twenty fifth day of April 1729 Enhe or obligation dated the Twenty fifth day of April 1729. Entred
into by Richard Nighy ded and him the said John Blashen into by Richard Rigby dec^d [deceased] and him the said John Blackwood
fountly jointly