themselves I Witness whereof the said Royal Assient themselves In Witness whereof the said Royal Assiento
Company have Caused their Comon seal to be hereunto affixed Company have Caused their Comon seal to be hereunto affixed
in the presence of a Notary sublick of this City Done in in the presence of a Notary Publick of this City Done in
y Second Second
London the say of Mach 1728 London the day of May 1729
By Order of the Court of By Order of the Court of
Directors of the Royal Directors of the Royal
Assiento Company Assiento Company
D Wescomb Sedy D Wescomb Sec^ry
JThomas Rocking Notary Lablick dwelling in London by I Thomas Bocking Notary Publick dwelling in London by
lawful Authority admitted and Sworn do Certify and Attest to lawful Authority admitted and Sworn do Certify and Attest to
All whom it may Concern that the above Seal is the Seal of the Rt. Ass: All whom it may Concern that the above Seal is the Seal of the R^L. Ass^o
C of G Br, and that the said seal was put and find to the aforegoing C^o of Gr: Br:, and that the said seal was put and fix^d to the aforegoing
Instrument in the presence of me Notary) at the Rl. Ass: Co. House in this Instrument in the presence of me Notary at the R^L. Ass^o Co. House in this
City And the sotary do further Certify & Affest that the above Tirm DW City And I the said Notary do further Certify & Attest that the above Firm D.W. Sec^ry
is ye Subscription & proper hand writing of De WEsqr sory to ye said RoyalComps Whosad tf aid Intrin is ye Subscription & proper hand writing of D.W. Esq^r  to ye said RoyalComp^a Who sign^d y^e said Instrum^t
my presence of me Notary, Of allw premipse thave made tisprgent Act being there prequred in y^e presence of me Notary, Of all w^ch premises I have made this prsent Act being there to required
London y 2d day of May ando Dor 1729 London ye 2d day of May anno De. 1729
In Testimenium Veritatis In Testimenium Veritatis
25) LS.
Thos Bocking Not. lab. Tho Bocking Not. Pub.
Se the underwitten do Certify that Mr. Thomas Bocking, whor We the underwitten do Certify that Mr. Thomas Bocking, whose
Firm is above is a Notary publick of this City of London, Firm is above is a Notary publick of this City of London,
Faithful, Lawful, and of all Trust, and that to all Cartificates Faithful, Lawful, and of all Trust, and that to all Certificates
Acts and other writings by him sign'd Entire Faith & Credit Acts and other writings by him sign'd Entire Faith & Credit
is given in Court and without is given in Court and without
London the 2d day of May 1729 London the 2d day of May 1729
Joh Ruck Not Pab Joh^n Ruck Not. Pub
John Exton Not Lub Joh^n Exton Not Pub
1729. 1729.