Mr Moorg to Mr Walpole and afterwards to the Lord Stanhope Relating
Wm Moore Mr. Moore
att the Reservations at the Reservations
out of the Assiento out of the Assiento
and two lycens'd ships and two lycens'd ships
his MMrs Grark of aid his C Ms. Grants of said
Reservations, are in Reservations, are in
Trust forpayment of Trust for payment of
Fees. Fees.
2sen litles had the Assiento, Amounting to 25000 Pistoles, 25 are Pistles 
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
the 23r August 1722. the 23rd August 1722
The Sub Governour laid before the Court a Paper which was The Sub Governour laid before the Court a Paper which was
deliverd him by Mr Moore, Entitled a Copy of a Memorial presented by deliverd him by M^r Moore, Entitled a Copy of a Memorial presented by
Mr Moorg to Mr Walpole and afterwards to the Lord Stanhope Relating M^r Moore to M^r Walpole and afterwards to the Lord Stanhope Relating
to the Reservations made by his C.M. out of the Assients and two Licensed to the Reservations made by his C.M. out of the Assiento and two Licensed
Ships And also two Translations of the King of Spains Grants of those Ships And also two Translations of the King of Spains Grants of those
to her late Majesty Which Assignments are in the said Memorial said Reservations to her late Majesty Which Assignments are in the said Memorial said
to be deposited in Trust that out of the Profits arising thereby Several to be deposited in Trust that out of the Profits arising thereby Several
Officer and Persons Concernd in passing the Assunts should receive the Offices and Persons Concernd in passing the Assiento should receive the
Fees & Rewards allowed by the French and other former Companys who Fees & Rewards allowed by the French and other former Companys who
2sen litles had the Assiento, Amounting to 25000 Pistoles, had the Assiento, Amounting to 2,5000 Pistoles;
And Mr Moore Conceiving it Honll and Adventugious That And M^r Moore Conceiving it Hon.^ble and Advantagious, That
Satisfaction be soon made of that just Debt, thereby declares his readiness Satisfaction be soon made of that just Debt, thereby declares his readiness
upon his Majestys Sign Manual, to deliver up the said Reservations, to upon his Majestys Sign Manual, to deliver up the said Reservations, to
whom his Majesty shall please to Direct whom his said Majesty shall please to Direct
Order'd Order'd
That it be Refer'd to the Committee who are appointed to consider That it be Refer'd to the Committee who are appointed to consider
of proper Methods for procuring the best dispatch with relation to the of proper Methods for procuring the best dispatch with relation to the
Restitution &c. That they consider of the Matter recomended by the said Restitution &c. That they consider of the Matter recomended by the said
Memorial, and Report their opinion what is proper to be done therein, to Memorial, and Report their opinion what is proper to be done therein, to
the Court the Court.