ae Conithe of Feary o Inpurane of an order of Court of thirday the Cms afiad the Co: Sel to 2 park ae Comittee of Treary In presense of an order of Court of this day the Com. affix'd the Co: Seal to 2 parts
the 2d Octr 1730 the 2d. Octr. 1730
of an Injenture of Covenants between the Co & the paname & pbetto Factory wch is of an Indenture of Covenants between the Co & the Paname & Pbello Factory wch is
as follows as follows ____
This Indenture made the 30th day of September This Indenture made the 30th day of September
aet f he hentone Men'd   Both parts ofnthe Indenture
o seld with the Co Seal o seld with the Co Seal
Anno domine 1730, and in the fourth year of the Reign of our Anno domine 1730, and in the fourth year of the Reign of our
Wll h Mr Sinber Wll to Mr. Tinker
Sovereyn Lord George the second by the Grace of God of Great Soverign Lord George the second by the Grace of God of Great
Fritain France and Ireland King defender of the Faith &c Britain France and Ireland King defender of the Faith &c
Between the Gov & Company of Merchants of Great Kntaue Between the Gov & Company of Merchants of Great Britain
Trading to the South Leas and other parts of America and Trading to the South Seas and other parts of America and
ovenants Covenants
for Encouraging the Fishery Comonly called the South See for Encouraging the Fishery Comonly called the South Sea
the S. S. Co. the S. S. Co.
Company of the Orepart and Henry Johnson late of London Company of the One part and Henry Johnson late of London
Mess. Johnson Mess. Johnson
sinker & Tinker &
Merchant but now Residing at the said Companys Factory at Merchant but now Residing at the said Companys Factory at
Echlin Echlin
Portobels or Panama in the Spanish West Indies John Tinker Portobelo or Panama in the Spanish West Indies John Tinker
of London Merchant and James Ochliu late of London Mercht of London Merchant and James Echlileiu late of London Merch^t.
but now also Residing at Portobels or Panama in the Spanish but now also Residing at Portobelo or Panama in the Spanish
West Indies of the other part Whereas in and by a West Indies of the other part Whereas in and by a
certain Instrument or Deputation under the Common Soal certain Instrument or Deputation under the Common Seal
of the said Company bearing date the 1st day of March 1728/9 of the said Company bearing date the 11th day of March 1728/9
The said Company did Nominate Constinute and appoint Richd The said Company did Nominate Constitute and appoint Rich^d
Rigby dead Rigby dead
Righy lately deceasd the said Henry Johnson and James Echlin Rigby lately deceas'd the said Henry Johnson and James Echlin
to be their Agents and Factors for the managing Conducting and to be their Agents and Factors for the managing Conducting and
Carrying on the Assents fomerce and all affairs and Business Carrying on the Assiento Comerce and all affairs and Business
pictadl of former Lowers Recital of former Powers
relating thereto at Portobelo Panama Lime or any other relating thereto at Portobelo Panama Lima or any other
Parts of the Kingdom of Peru And did also by another Instrum Parts of the Kingdom of Peru And did also by another Instrum^t
or writing under the said Companys Comon Seal bearing even or writing under the said Companys Comon Seal bearing even
date with the aforesaid Deputation Constitute and appoint the date with the aforesaid Deputation Constitute and appoint the
said Richard Righy Henry Johnson and James Ochliu and the said said Richard Rigby Henry Johnson and James Echlin and the said
Companys Factor for the places aforesaid for the time being to be Companys Factors for the places aforesaid for the time being to be
their their