Ata Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
28 Febry 1722/3 28^th. Feb^ry. 1722/3
The Court again Considerd the Matter of the Reservations of the 6ff The Court again Considerd the Matter of the Reservations of the 10 PC^t.
of the profits of the two Ligence ships, and of the 54 of the Profits of everyanual of the profits of the two Licence ships, and of the 5 PC^t. of the Profits of every anual
Ship made by his CM in the Grant of the Assients to Her Majesty, which Ship made by his C.M in the Grant of the Assiento to Her Majesty, which
was Reported to the Court of the 6th September last by the Comittee to whom was Reported to the Court of the 6^th. September last by the Comittee to whom
the same wras Referd And the Court having then come to a Resolution for the same was Refer'd And the Court having then come to a Resolution for
agreeing with the opinion of the said Committee That it will be for the Interest agreeing with the opinion of the said Committee That it will be for the Interest
of the Company to obtain of his Majesty a Grant of the said Reservations, of the Company to obtain of his Majesty a Grant of the said Reservations,
And that such Satisfaction should be made to the Officers and Persons Cncend And that such Satisfaction shou'd be made to the Officers and Persons Concern'd
in passing the Assiento. As shall upon due Examination into the Merit of in passing the Assiento. As shall upon due Examination into the Merit of
the Case be found just and Reasonable the Case be found just and Reasonable
Resolvd Resolv'd
Vrdnesday 12 June 1723 Wednesday 12 June 1723
At a Comittee appointed by the Foregoing Minute to Consider At a Comittee appointed by the Foregoing Minute to Consider
of proper Methods for obtaining the Ends proposed by the Courts of proper Methods for obtaining the Ends proposed by the Courts
Resolution of the 28 Feb 1722 relating to the obtaining the Resolution of the 28 Feb^r. 1722 relating to the obtaining the
Reservations of the 108C of the profits of the 2 License Ships and Reservations of the 10 PC^t of the profits of the 2 License Ships and
the 5 P sent 3, of the profits of the Annual Ships the 5 P Cent 3/4 of the profits of the Annual Ships
Present Present
The Sub Govr The Dept: Govr The Sub Gov^r. The Dep: Gov^r.
Sr Richd Hopkins Mr Roberts S^r. Rich^d. Hopkins M^r. Roberts
Mr Clarke M^r. Clarke
The Comittee took into Consideration the Matter Referd to them The Comittee took into Consideration the Matter Refer'd to them
by the Court the 28 Febr last relating to the finding out proper Methods by the Court the 28 Feb^r. last relating to the finding out proper Methods
for obtaining the Ends proposed by a Resolution taken by the Court for obtaining the Ends proposed by a Resolution taken by the Court
the the