102 102
At a Comittee of Treasury
Inpsuance of an order of Court this day the Com^e. affix'd the Co^s Seal to 2 parts of an
Indenture of covenants between the C^o. & Mess^r.  doliffe & Cleland supra Cargoes of [ ?] [? ]: W^m.
the 2^d. October 1730.
wch is as follows
This Indenture made the Twenty second
D ore parttore of Catt being  [? ] one part hereof (both being
Ddyal khe perty) was [ ?] by all the partyd) was
day of September Anno Domini 1730 and in the fourthe day of September Anno Domini 1730 and in the fourth
[ ]  dolliffe
year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the second by year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the second by
the Grace of God of Great Britain France & Ireland King the Grace of God of Great Britain France & Ireland King
Defender of the Faith &c Bet wlek the Govd & Company Defender of the Faith &c Between  the Gov^r & Company
of Merchants of Great Britain Trading to the South Seas and of Merchants of Great Britain Trading to the South Seas and
other parts of America And for Encouraging the Tishery fomonly other parts of America And for Encouraging the Fishery (Comonly
called the South Sea Company of the one part and James Dolliffe called the South Sea Company) of the one part and James Dolliffe
venants of Mr. Dolliffe Covenants of M^r. Dolliffe
of London Mercht and Eapt William Cleland Comander of the of London Merch^t and Cap^t William Cleland Comander of the
Capt Eleland as Cap^t Cleland as
said Comps Ship the Prince William of the other part Whereas said Comp^y Ship the Prince William of the other part Whereas
tra largoes of Lr. Wm. Supra Cargoes of Pr. W^m.
Cartagual pbele for Cartagena & pbello 
the said Company have fitted out their said Ship the Prince the said Company have fitted out their said Ship the Prince
William for a Voyage to Cartagena & Portobelo in the Spanish William for a Voyage to Cartagena & Portobelo in the Spanish
West Indies as one of their Annual Ships allowed by the Assients West Indies as one of their Annual Ships allowed by the Assiento
Treaty and Subsequent Convention made between the Ciowns Treaty and Subsequent Convention made between the Crowns
of Great Britain and Spain and have Ladenand intend to of Great Britain and Spain and have Laden or intend to
Lade on boald her a Cargo of Goods and Merchandire to a Lade on board her, a Cargo of Goods and Merchandize to a
very great Value as by the said Ships Invoice reference being very great Value, as by the said Ships Invoice reference being
thereto had may appear, and Whereas the Court of Directory thereto had, may appear; and Whereas the Court of Directors
of the said Company did lately make and Establish certain Stated of the said Company did lately make and Establish certain Stated=
Standing Rules to be
ing and general Rules to be observed by all persons Employ'd =ing and general Rules to be observed by all persons Employ'd
serv'd by all persons
employ'd in y^e. Co. Services.
or to be Employd in the said Companys Service, and by all officers or to be Employd in the said Companys Service, and by all officers
Employd on board their annual Ships, whereby theyre allowed Employd on board their annual Ships, whereby they allowed
a priviledge of Goods to a certain Value to be carried in the said a priviledge of Goods to a certain Value to be carried in the said
Companys Annual Ships for the benefitt of the Supra Cargo Companys annual Ships for the benefitt of the Supra Cargo
or Supra Cargos, Captain, and other officers, Serving in Such or Supra Cargo's, Captain, and other officers, Serving in Such
rtlage lod alowed Priviledge Goods allow'd
Ships, and that a Sum of money Sufficient for the purchase Ships, and that a Sum of money Sufficient for the purchase
of Such priviledged Goods should be advanced by the said of Such priviledged Goods should be advanced by the said
Company Company