312 312
7 7
Sea Company to Coll Thos Harrison of His Note for Sea Company to Collo. Tho.s Harrison of His Note for
16000 the same being lost or mislaid mentioned in 16000 the same being lost or mislaid mentioned in
Colonel harrion. Colonel harrison.
the minutes of the Coce for the Affairs of the Trust the minutes of the Coce for the Affairs of the Trust
of the 13th Instt Penked at large in the Trust seal book of the 13th Instt. (enterd at large in the Trust seal book
Comee of Treary Comee of Treary
In pursuance of an Order of Court of this In pursuance of an Order of Court of this
30th July 1751 30th July 1731
day the Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the day the Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the
Companys answer Sign'd by Mr Gambier to the Companys answer Sign'd by Mr Gambier to the
Bill in Chancery of M Jas Seamer, Eliz Bucknel Bill in Chancery of M Jas Seamer, Eliz Bucknal
Jos Answer to the Bill Co. Answer to the Bill
of Seamer &al of Seamer &al
fothers, Creditors of the Hon Eliz Spelman, ment others, Creditors of the Hon Eliz Spelman, ment?
in the Minutes of the Comce for the Affairs of the in the Minutes of the Comce for the Affairs of the
Trust of the 27th Inst Trust of the 27th Inst.
Tertred in Trust Seal book (entred in Trust Seal book
Come of Treary Come of Treary
Inpursuance of an Order of Court of this Inpursuance of an Order of Court of this
Aug. 6. 1735 Aug. 6. 1731
day the Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the day the Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the
following Writingsment in the Minutes of the following Writings ment.d in the Minutes of the
Comittee for the Affairs of the Trust of the 4th Inst Dy Comittee for the Affairs of the Trust of the 4th Inst. (?)
To a Lease from the South Sea Company To a Lease from the South Sea Company
Messrs & Gols and Read (the Assignees under the Cimission Messrs & Gols and Read (the Assignees under the Comission
Lease Lease
of Bankruptey against John Ward) and from St of Bankruptcy against John Ward) and from St
Release Release
Jno Blunt to Robt Holford Esqr dated 2 Augt 175 Jno. Blunt to Robt. Holford Esqr dated 2 Augt. 1731
to &son Robt Hofford Esqr to & from Robt.Holford Esqr.
To a Release from ditto to Robt Holford To a Release from ditto to Robt Holford
Esqr. dated 3. Augt 1731 Esqr. dated 3. Augt 1731
To To