Assigns for the Profits, and to have their Books and Accounts always open as Assigns for the Profits, and to have their Books and Accounts always open at
their Pleasure, And are therefore of opinion that it will be for the Interest their Pleasure, And are therefore of opinion that it will be for the Interest
of the Company to obtain of his Majesty the Grant of the said Reservations, of the Company to obtain of his Majesty the Grant of the said Reservations,
for the Co Interest to for the Co. Interest to
And that such Satisfaction should be made to the Offices and Persons condind And that such Satisfaction should be made to the Offices and Persons concernd
have sd Reservations have s^d. Reservations
assign'd to them assign'd to them
in Passing the Assuents as shall upon due Examination into the Merit in Passing the Assiento as shall upon due Examination into the Merit
of the Csy be found Tust and Reasonable of the Case be found Just and Reasonable.
Rajournd Adjournd
IAa Court of Directors the 6th Septr. 1722 At a Court of Directors the 6^th. Sept^r. 1722
The Minutes of the Committee to whom it was referd by the Court The Minutes of the Committee to whom it was refer'd by the Court
the 23rd past to Consider of the Reservations on the Assients and Two License Ships the 23^rd. past to Consider of the Reservations on the Assiento and Two License Ships
recommended by Mr Moors Memorial with the Committees opinion That it recommended by M^r. Moors Memorial, with the Committees opinion That it
will be for the Companys Interest to obtain of his Majesty the Grant of the said will be for the Companys Interest to obtain of his Majesty the Grant of the said
Reservations, and that such Satisfaction should be made to the Offices and leron Reservations, and that such Satisfaction should be made to the Offices and Persons
concernd in passing the Assients as shall upon due Examination be found concernd in passing the Assiento as shall upon due Examination be found
just and reasonable were Read and agreed to just and reasonable were Read and agreed to
The Minutes of the Committee of Corespondency of the 29th past and The Minutes of the Committee of Correspondence of the 29^th. past and
1t Instant Containing their Report concerning the particular Matters and 4^th. Instant Containing their Report concerning the particular Matters and
Priviledges to be askd of the Court of Spain in Consideration of the Companys Priviledges to be askd of the Court of Spain in Consideration of the Companys
Disposition to Comply with their Request in not sending out the Annual Ship Disposition to Comply with their Request in not sending out the Annual Ship
this year and also in relation to the Tactory at Buenos Ayres, were Read and this year and also in relation to the Factory at Buenos Ayres, were Read and
red to agreed to.