208
I
Cone f treasury Com^ee of treasury
Pursuant to an order of Court of the 26th Instant Pursuant to an order of Court of the 26^th: Instant
30 Jury 1782 30^th  Jan^ry 1732
The Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the Counter part of a The Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the Counter part of a
Charterparty Entred into with Hugh Raymond of Lond Esqr Charterparty Entred into with Hugh Raymond of Lond Esq:^r
and Richard Mickelfield of London Mariner Owners of the and Richard Michelfield of London Mariner Owners of the
Charterpty for the Rudge Charterpty for the Rudge
Bridge Gally under the Comand of Capt John Lenkethman Rudge Gully under the Comand of Capt John Penkethman
ally seald Gully seald
in the penalty of £4000 for a Voyage to Angolas for 500 in the penalty of £4000 for a Voyage to Angola for 500
fip t eg l 0. to go to Angola & B.^s A.^s.
Negroes to be deliver'd at Buenos Ayres, and from thence Negroes to be deliver'd at Buenos Ayres, and from thence
Cortg. for Neg.
to the Port of London. And also to a Certificate in to the Port of London. And also to a Certificate in
Spanish Testifying that the said Ship is Employ'd in Spanish Testifying that the said Ship is Employ'd in
the Service of the Royal Assient Company, bothe dated the Service of the Royal Assiento Company, both dated
the 30 January 1782. the 30 January 1732.
Which Cortificate is as follows. Which Certificate is as follows.
A todos los Verreyes Capitanes Genl A todos los Verreyes Capitanes Gen^:l
Presidentes dela Real Audiencia Gover Presidentes dela Real Audiencia Gover
nadores Almirantes, Ofiziales Reales, nadores Almirantes, Ofiziales Reales,
Juezes ytodos los demas Ofiziales Juezes y todos los demas Ofiziales
Cotpecte for aid hip Certificate for said ship
de Su Magestad Catholica enlas India de Su Magestad Catholica en las India
yatodas las demas personas a qiven y atodas las demas personas a qiven
to gue opuede tocar to gue o puede tocar
Tebertifica queel Navis combrada Brudge SeCertifica queel Navis combrada Brudge
Su Capitan Juan Penkethman deporte Trecientas Su Capitan Juan Penkethman deporte Trecientas
Tone Tone