50 50
Company or the said Richard Righy and Edward Pratter or either ofy Company or the said Richard Righy and Edward Pratter or either of y()
on the Company's behalf Shall determine and put an End to the sa on the Company's behalf Shall determine and put an End to the {Sam]
by some Authentick Instrument or Writing Instruments of by some Authentick Instrument or Writing Instruments  {nto)
for that purpose Wherefore it is hereby desired and Intreated The for that purpose Wherefore it is hereby desired and Intreated Tha
all Ouce Roys, Presidents Governors Royal and other officers of all Vice Roys, Presidents Governors Royal and other officers of
Vice Roys &c ardesord to Vice Roys &  are desir'd to
his Cill in the Indies will give their Countenance and po his C.ill. in the Indies will give their Countenance and poch
protect sd. Collitt & lerrie protect s^d. Collitt & Perrie.
tion to the said Samuel Collit and Sonathan Sorrie and each tion to the said Samuel Collit and Jonathan Perrie and each
of them jointly and Severally for the more easy and Speedy reon of them jointly and Severally for the more easy and Speedy reov.
ring and receiving all such Assints Effects as may have been Sia ring and receiving all such ASsiento Effects as may have been Seiz
as aforesaid and for effecting the other Matters intrusted to their as aforesaid and for effecting the other Matters intrusted to their (Ca)
and management by the said Richard Rigby and Edward Sree and management by the Said Richard Rigby and Edward Prat()
according to the above mentiond Sowers. In Testimony according to the above mention'd Powers. In Testimony
Whereof the said Royal Assinto Company of Great Brittain Whereof the said Royal ASsinto Company of Great Brittain (ha)
caused their Comon Seal to be hereunto affixd Dated in Lond caused their Comon Seal to be hereunto affix'd Dated in London
the 4th Day of July Anno Domini 1728 Annog, SecundoGu the 4th Day of July Anno Domini 1728 Annog, Secundo Guy
Suundi Regis &c Secundi Regis &a
By Order of the Court of Divea By Order of the Court of Direa
of the Royal Assiento Comp. of the Royal ASsiento Comp.^a
of Great Brittain of Great Brittain
LS
D Wescomb Secy D Wescomb Sec.^ry
Thomas Bockingsotady Publick dwelling in London by Lawfal  I Thomas Bockingvotary Publick dwelling in London by Lawfull -
Authority Admitted and Sworne, do Certifye and attest to all whom it doth Authority Admitted and Sworne, do Certifye and attest to all whom it doth S
or may Concem, That the above Seal is the seal of the Royal Assiento Comp or may Concem, That the above Seal is the seal of the Royal Assiento Comp
of Great Brittain, and that the said Seal was put and affix'd to the s of Great Brittain, and that the said Seal was put and affix'd to the aSs()
going Instrument in the presence of me Notary at the Royal Afsit going Instrument in the presence of me Notary at the Royal ASsie()
Company's house in this City, and I the said Notary do further Certifye Company's house in this City, and I the said Notary do further Certifye
attest that the firme on the Other Side DanielWescomb Secretary attest that the firme on the Other Side DanielWescomb Secretary
the subscription and proper hand writing of Daniel Wesomb Esr the su bscription and proper hand writing of Daniel Wesomb Esq.
Secretary to the said Royal Assients Compa, who sign'd the said Secretary to the said Royal ASsients Compa, who sign'd the said
Instrument in the presence of me Notary of all which premises she Instrument in the presence of me Notary,  of all which premises I (hav)
made this present Act being thereunto required London the fourth day of made this present Act being thereunto required .London the fourth day of (Sa)
Anno Domuni 1728 Stilo Magna Brittanig TeshimoWm Ocritat Anno Domini 1728 Stilo Magna Brittani neTestimirn^m. Veritat^s.
Thos Bockingstor Pub Thos^s.  Bockings  Not. Pub^is
1726 1726  8