146 384 146 384
to and with their and each of their Executors & Administrators to and with their and each of their Executors & Administrators
That they the said Harry Spencer Christopher Burrow James That they the said Harry Spencer Christopher Burrow James
Nolland and Samuel Mead respectively performing Holland and Samuel Mead respectively performing
Of s. Sugra larges perform (Sf ) s^d. Supra Cargoes perform
Sulfilling and Keeping all and every their respective Covt Fulfilling and Keeping all and every their respective Cov^ts:
these seot Covenants these ser^t. Covenants,
and Agreements beforementiond they the said Company shall and Agreements beforemention'd they the said Company shall
and will pay and allow to him the said Harry Spencer his Exrs and will pay and allow to him the said Harry Spencer his Ex^rs.
the Co will pay them their the C^o. will pay them their
sare of the 4 Cutiem Cont or Admrs his and their Share of the said Four Pfentum Comiss shares of the 4 Centum ComiSs or Adm^rs: his and their Shares of the said Four () Centum ComiSs^n.
And other Allowad to be made then And other Allowd to be made then.
and other allowances to be made pursuant to the above and other allowances to be made pursuant to the above ___
mention'd Instructions and shall and will pay and Allow mention'd Instructions and shall and will pay and Allow
to the said Christopher Burrow James Holland and Samuel to the said Christopher Burrow James Holland and Samuel
Mead respectively their respective Esr & Admrs their respective Mead respectively their respective Ex.^rs & Adm^rs their respective
Shares of the said Comission of Four P sent herein before mentiond fure Shares of the said ComiSsion of Four () Cent herein before mentiond 
treney & (Directl)
allowance of two pounds ff Cntum to be Competed on the ^and allowance of two pounds () Centum to be Computed on the
Returns of the said Cargo Clear of all Customs and Dutys of Returns of thesaid Cargo Clear of all Customs and Dutys of
Importation and which is to be distributed as before mention Importation and which is to be distributed as beforemention'd
Provided always and it is hereby further Covenanted granted Provided always and it is hereby further Covenanted granted
and agreed by and between all partys to these presents and and agreed by and between all partys to these presents and
it is their dxpress meaning that in Case of the decease of any it is their expreSs meaning that in Case of the decease of any
in case of decease of either of in case of decease of either of y^e.
of them the said Christopher Burrow James Holland of Sam of them the said Christopher Burrow James Holland or Sam^l.
Supralargoes before return of Supra Cargoes before return of
Royal Caroling Royal Caroline
Mead before the Return of the said Ship or other detorminatio in Mead before the Return of the said Ship or other detorminates 
of the said Joyage One half of the above mentiond Allowance of the said Voyage One half of the abovemention'd Allowance
/ of his share of ye 2p lt. allow. 1/2 of his share of y^e.  2() C^t. allow^e.
of one quarter or fourth part of the said two P sent which of one quarter or fourth part of the said two () cent which
to go to the Exrs. of dec, and to to go to the Ex^rs. of dec^d.    , and ().
the 2th yo Ao the C tinett would have been due to him or them respectively in Case of other 1/2 to go as the C^o. think fit. would have been dueto him or them respectively i  Case of
no such decease shall go and be paid to his or their Ex or Adm no such decease shall go and be paid to his or their Ex^es. or Adm^re:
respectively and the remaining Half shall be paid to the Er respectively and the remaining Half shall be paid to the Ex^rs: