198. 198.
Accoued to him or them if he or they had not dyed Shall as t accrued to him or them if he or they had not dyed Shall as the
same Shall from time to time arise be Set apart and Apply b same Shall from time to time arise be Set apart and Applyd to
pay and discharge to the said Company the moneys which the pay and discharge to the said Company the moneys which they
shall have advanced to Such deceased Factor or Factors for Su shall have advanced to Such deceased Factor or Factors (or Such
part thereof as shall not have been discharged in his or them part thereof as shall not have been discharged in his or their
life time) untill the said Company shall be fully paid Satif life time) untill the said Company shall be fully paid Satisfyd
the whole of such debt and that the next succeeding Factor shall the whole of such debt and that the next succeeding Factor shall
not in such Case be Entitled to any advanced Comission untill not in such Case be Entitled to any advanced Comission untill
such Debt Shall be satisfyed unless such succeeding Fatr such Debt Shall be satisfyed unless such succeeding Factor sh
and do Engage to take the Dobt which shall then remain dae and do Engage to take the Debt which shall then remain due
and unpaid to the said Company from the deceased upon and unpaid to the said Company from the deceased upon
himself in which Case such Succeeding Factor Shall idin himself in which Case such Succeeding Factor Shall imediately
after satisfaction made to the Executers or Administrators of after satisfaction made to the Executors or administrators of
his prodecessor of such Share in the Comissions wch shall be his predecessor of such Share in the Comissions w^ch shall be
directed as aforesaid on settling the same and placingat if directed as aforesaid ^ or on settling the same and placing a suffi-
=cient deposit to answer for it in the hands of the rest of the Lad =cient deposit to answer for it in the hands of the rest of the said
Companys Factors then belonging to the said Factory at Sr Companys Factors then belonging to the said Factory at Porto
belo and Panama aforesaid (if the Ext. or adm. of the decase belo and Panama aforesaid (if the Ex^os. or adnd^r: of the deceased
shall then be absent be Entitled to the Comissions and other si shall then be absent ) be Entitled to the Comissions and other [ ?]
attending the Station of the deceased Factor to which e ueding attending the Station of the deceased Factor to which ^such succeeding
Factor or Factors shall be advanced as aforesaid In Witness Factor or Factors shall be advanced as aforesaid In Witness
whereof the said Company have hereunto caused their Corton te whereof the said Company have hereunto caused their Comon seal
to be affiaed and they the said Henry Johnson John Tinber and to be affixed and they the said Henry Johnson John Tinker and
James Eehlin have sett their hands and seals the day and p James Echlin have sett their hands and seals the day and year
first above Written first above Written
(B LS
23 LS
By order of the By order of the
S. LS.
Court of Dnestors Court of Directors
of the S.S. of the S: S: C^o
D Wescomb Secy D Wescomb Sec^y
The Tariff
is the same as that [ ?] in pa 85.