218 218
produce of the said prwviledged Goods) for ther god behanne produce of the said priviledged Goods) to their goods behaviour
in their several Stations on board the said Ship and the in their several Stations on board the said Ship, and the
Good will and pleasure of the said Court of Directors fo Good will and pleasure of the said Court of Directors in
Witness whereof the said Company have hereunto caused Witness whereof the said Company have hereunto caused
their Comon Seal to be affixed and they the said James d their Comon Seal to be affixed and they the said James Dolliffe
William Cleland and Dandy Kidd have set their hand s William Cleland and Dandy Kidd have set their hands
Seals the day and year first above Written Seals the day and year first above Written
2 exd
of the Cor. J. C B. W C. Ls of the Court. J.Ls.Dolliffe. W.Ls Cleland D. Ls kidd
Byordery By order
M. MS.
of Directors of Directors
8W .W
To all Vice Roys Captain To all Vice Roys Captain
General Presidents of the Royal And General Presidents of the Royal aud
=ience Governours Admirals Ray =ience Governours admirals Royal
Certificate that y. Certificate that y.
Officers Justices and all other Muna Officers Justices and all other Minster
Prince Wm Annual ship Prince Wm Annual ship
and officers of his Cath: Majesty and officers of his Cath: Majesty
belongs to & is laden for belongs to & Vis laden for
in the Indies and all other persons t in the Indies and all other personilities 
Cantaguna & Cortobeto by the Cartagena & portobelo by the
Royal Assiento Company Royal Assiento Company.
it dothor may concern Greeting it doth or may concern Greeting
Mow Yee That the Ship Pince tl Know Yee That the Ship Pince Williams
of the Burthen of Six hundred and Twenty Sons bile of the Burthen of Six hundred and Twenty Tons little
moreor less under the Comand of Cap. William liler more or less under the Comand of Capt. William Cleland
and Navigated with One hundred and Eighty Secmer and Navigated with One hundred and Eighty Seaman
dock