342 342
104 104
Mesrs Pollife and Cleland as Setled by Council Mess:rs Dollife and Cleland as Setled by Council
Com. of Treasury Com:^ee of Treasury
The Comittee pursuant to an order of Court of the 23d Instant The Comittee pursuant to an order of Court of the 23d Instant
27 June 1732 27 June 1732
affixed the Companys Seal to a Letter of Attorney Empowering affixed the Companys Seal to a Letter of Attorney Empowering
H William Smith their Secretary to assent to the Mr William Smith their Secretary to assent to the
Sevr to Assent to sue knox Sec:^r to Assent to sue knox
ward et al. ward et al.
Comencement of a Suit in Chancory against Knox Ward Esqr & al Comencement of a Suit in Chancory against Knox Ward Esqr & al
[(which lower is entred in the Register of Instrnments relating to ye Frist [(which lower is entred in the Register of Instrnments relating to ye Frist]
Comrs. of Treasury Com:^ee  of Treasury
The Committee in pursuance of an order of Court of 21. Inst The Committee in pursuance of an order of Court of 21. Inst
30 June 1752 30 June 1752
affixed the Companys Seal to a power of Attorney to Mr de Gold affixed the Companys Seal to a power of Attorney to Mr de Gold
to Enable him to receive of the Assignees of the Comission of to Enable him to receive of the Assignees of the Comission of
Bankrupt against the late Sr Justies Beck the Divident Bankrupt against the late Sr. Justies Beck the Dividend
on a debt due to Sr Sheodore Sanssen pursuant to a Minuter on a debt due to Sr. Sheodore Sanssen pursuant to a Minute
of the Comittee for the Offairs of the Trust of the 20th Instant of the Comittee for the affairs of the Trust of the 20th Instant
[(this lower is alto Entred in the O Trust Seal book) (this lower is also Entred in the Trust Seal book)
Inpursuance of an order of Court of this day the In pursuance of an order of Court of this day the
Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the Companys Comittee affixed the Companys Seal to the Companys
& further Answer sign'd by Mr Ryder to the Amended Bill & further Answer sign'd by Mr Ryder to the Amended Bill
of Messrs Polliffe and Cleland pursuant to a Minut of Mess:^rs Dolliffe and Cleland pursuant to a Minute
of the special Committee of Law Suits of this Morning of the special Committee of Law Suits of this Morning
Comr. of Treasury Com:^ee of Treasury
Pursuant to an order of Court of 7e Instant the Comes Pursuant to an order of Court of 7^th Instant the Comee
21 July 17820. 21 July 1732.
affixed the Companys Seals to the Counter part of an Indenture affixed the Companys Seals to the Counter part of an Indenture
of Covenants between the South Sea Company & messr Spackman of Covenants between the South Sea Company & mess:r Spackman
and Faure as the Companys Factors for Bunos Ayces and Faure as the Companys Factors for Bunos Ayres
Likewise to a deputation appointing them to be the Likewise to a deputation appointing them to be the
Companys Factors, McEyles to be Book keeper & Mr Young Companys Factors, M.^r Eyles to be Book keeper & Mr Young
Laying Lingson