Nt a Comittee of Treasury Feb. 12. 1730 Nt a Comittee of Treasury Feb:12: 1730
Present Present
The Dep: Govr Mr Strode The Dep: Gov^r Mr Strode
Mr Wilde M^r Wilde
Pursuant to an order of Court of this day the Comittee affixd Pursuant to an order of Court of this day the Comittee affix'd
the Companys Seal to one part of the Ingrossd Articles, and to the the Companys Seal to one part of the Ingrossd Articles, and to the
Instruments of Deputation and Revocation of former Powers Instruments of Deputation and Revocation of former Powers
Dpatches for Dispatches for
prepared by the Comittee of Correspondence for the Havana prepared by the Comittee of Correspondence for the Havana __
Mana Sactory Havana  Factory
Factory on the foot of its present Establishment, as a distinct Factory on the foot of its present Establishment, as a distinct
Withom St Sago Sactory  ()from St Sago. Factory
Seald Seal'd
Factory from that of St Tago de Cuba dated 12 Feb 1730 Factory from that of S^t : Sago de Cuba dated 12 Feb 1730 ~
This Indenture made the 12 Day of This Indenture made the 12 ^th Day of
Meutare of Indenture  of
February Anno Domb. 1730 Annoy, quarto Regis Georgii February anno Dome^s. 1730 Annoy, quarto Regis Georgii
Rovenants Covenants.
Secundi Between the Governour and Company of Merchants Secundi Between the Governour and Company of Merchants
P.S. Co. the S. S. C^o.
of Great Britain Teading to the South Seas and other parts of of Great Britain Trading to the South Seas and other parts of
Mass. Nicholson MeSs.^s &  Nicholson
Passell  & Tassell
America and for Encourageing the Fishery Ccomonly calld the America and for Encourageing the Fishery (comonly calld the
in the last Executed by sr in the part Executed by s^.d
South Sea Company of the one part and Wargent Nicholson South Sea Company) of the one part )and Wargent Nicholson
Factors was recd with their Factors was rec.^ d with their
a o 9dd wat to the 29th and Hubert Tassell both now at Havana in the Spanish tre of (9 i am confin'.^d to the 29^th __  and  Hubert Tassel both now at Havana in the Spanish
1 by the Bellament d by the Bellamont.
Wast Indies of the other part, Whereas in and by a certain Wast Indies of the other part, Whereas in and by a certain
Instrument or Deputation under the Comon Seal of the said Instrument or Deputation under the Com^on Seal of the Said
Company bearing date the Fourth day of July One Thousand Company bearing date the Fourth day of July One Thousand
Seven hundred Twenty Nine The said Company did nominabe Seven hundred Twenty Nine The said Company did nominate
mer deputation former deputation
6 excited
Constitute and appoint Jonathan Denniss the S. Hubert Constitute and appoint Jonathan DenniSs the P. Herbert
Tassell and Leonard Cock to be their Agents and Factors TaSsell and Leonard Cock to be their Agents and Factors
for the Manageing Conducting and Carrying on the Assients for the Manageing Conducting and Carrying on the ASsiento
Commerce Commerce