66 66
attest to all those whom it doth shall or may Concern Thet attest to all those whom it doth shall or may Concern That
the Seal fixed to the before written Instrument is the Seal of the the Seal fixed to the before written Instrument is the Seal of the
Royal Assients Company for Negroes in Great Butain, and that Royal Assiento Company for Negroes in Great Britain, and that
the Name D. Wescomb See thereunder Subscribe is of the prov the Name D. Wescomb Sec:ry thereunder Subscribed is of the proper
hand Writing of Daniel Wescomb Esqr Secretary to the sd. Co hand Writing of Daniel Wescomb Esq:er Secretary to the sd. Comp
In Testimony whereof I have hereunto put my Notorial firm In Testimony whereof I have hereunto put my Notorial firm
Seal in London the Sixth day of September Anno Dom 1728 Seal in London the Sixth day of September Anno Dond:1728
In Testimon Pcritatis In Testimon : Veritatis
50 LS
Thos Bocking Not Pub 1728 Thos: Bocking Not Pub s:1728
We under written do Cectifye that Mr Thomas Bocking whon We under written do Cectifye that Mr Thomas Bocking whon
firm is above is a notary Publick of this City of London faithfull firm is above, is a notary Publick of this City of London, faithfull
Lawfull and of all Trust, and that to all Certificates Acts and other Lawfull and of all Trust, and that to all Certificates Acts and other
Writings by him Sign'd and Attested Entire faith and Eed it is given Writings by him Sign'd and attested, Entire faith and Credit is given
in Court and without Witnessour hands in London the Sixthdy in Court and without, Witness our hands in London the Sixth day
of September 1728 of September 1728
Johes Exten Not. Pub. 1728 Johes Exten Not. Pub. 1728
Thos Brown Net Pub Thos Brown Net Pub
To all Vice Roys Governours Captain To all Vice Roys Governours Captain
General Officers of the Royal Revenues & General Officers of the, Royal Revenues, &
all other officers of his Catholick Majesty all other officers of his Catholick Majesty
in the Indies and all other Persons whom a in the Indies and all other Persons whom it
dothor may Concern Greeting doth or may Concern Greeting.
Man Man
Tho Degrtaton was Tho Depotaton was
Know Ye That the Royal Assients Company for ga Know Ye That the Royal Assiento Company for Negroes
Cncells Cancelled
&c Appointed pursuant to the Assients Contract between her late &c appointed pursuant to the Assiento Contract, between her late
orde nother paye 72 wide  nother. page 72.
Majesty Qreen Anne (now in Glory) and his Catholich Majsty to Majesty Queen Anne (now in Glory) and his Catholick Majesty Philip
the fifth (whom God long preserve) have Nommated Contnte the fifth (whom God long preserve) have Nominated Constitute &
and Appointed, and by these presents do Nominate Constitute atl and appointed, and by these presents do Nominate Constitute and
Appoit Appoint