19 159
Make Rull and Void the said before recited Instrument Make Null and Void the said before recited Instrument
and all the Powers and Authoritys therein contained In and all the Powers and Authoritys therein contained In
Wilness whereof the said Company have Caused their Witness whereof the said Company have Caused their
hereunto hereunto
Comon Seal to be Affixed done in London the Sixth Comon Seal to be Affixed done in London the Sixth
Day of August Anno domine 1731 Day of August Anno domine 1731
By order of the Court of By order of the Court of
Directors of the Royal Ass Co Directors of the Royal Asso. Co.
D.W. Sec. D.W. Sec.
This Indenture made the sixth day of August This Indenture made the sixth day of August
Anno domine 1731 and in the fifth year of the Reign of our Anno domini 1731 and in the fifth year of the Reign of our
Lovereign Lord George the second by the Grace of God of Great Bntain Sovereign Lord George the second by the Grace of God of Great Britain
France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith &c Between France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith & Between
the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Brtain Trading the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Brtain Trading
to the South Leas and other parts of Amoruca and for Encouraging to the South Seas and other parts of America and for Encouraging
Wiclesor Covenan Articles or Covenant
the Frishery Ccomonly called the South Sea Company) of the one the Fishery (comonly called the South Sea Company) of the one
the S.S. Co. the S.S. Co.
part and Henry Johnson John Tinker and James Pchlin late part and Henry Johnson John Tinker and James Echlin late
Mr Sohndon Mr Johnson
Mrc Sinker Mr Tinker
Mr Cehlin Mr Echlin
of London Merchants but now residing at Portobels or Lanama of London Merchants but now residing at Portobelo or Panama
Mr Dundes Mr Dundes
in the SpanishWest Indies and Employd in the senrice of the in the SpanishWest Indies and Employd in the service of the
o. Factory at Co. Factory at
mana & Portobello Panama & Portobello
Said Company and Alexander Dundas of London Merchant of Said Company and Alexander Dundas of London Merchant of
the otherpart Whereas the said Henry Johnson John the otherpart Whereas the said Henry Johnson John
Linker and James Ochlin were in and by certain Instruments Tinker and James Echlin were in and by certain Instruments
under the Comon Seal of the said Company bearing date the under the Comon Seal of the said Company bearing date the
30th day of September Anno domini: 1730 Appointed and 30th day of September Anno domini: 1730 Appointed and
Confimed the said Company Tactor for Managing Conducting Confirmed the said Company Factor for Managing Conducting
and and