10 138
A Letter from Captn. Dunckley of the John Galley dated the A Letter from Capt^n Dunckley of the John Galley dated the
4th Inst at Plimouth was read 4^th Inst: at Plimouth was read.
A Letter from Captn Cronker of the Hope dated at Cape A Letter from Capt^n Cronker of the Hope dated at Cape
Benda 26th January last was read Benda 26^th January last was read.
Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Shipping to Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping to
discourse the Captn of the ships that have been on the Coast of africa discourse the Capt^n of the ships that have been on the Coast of africa
and Examine into the necessity of the Angola ships touching upon and Examine into the necessity of the Angola ships touching upon
the proper Coast for Corn, and if they judge it needfull, that then it the proper Coast for Corn, and if they judge it needfull, that then it
be inserted in the Instructions to the Comanders that shall go to be inserted in the Instructions to the Comanders that shall go to
Angola. Angola.
A Letter from Captn. Isaae Townshend of the Windsor dated at A Letter from Capt^n. Isaae Townshend of the Windsor dated at
Loango the 27th Janry last were read Loango the 27^th Janry last were read.
A Letter from Capt. Edward Coward of the King Solomon dat A Letter from Capt^n Edward Coward of the King Solomon dat:
at Serration the 19th Dec. 1715 was read at Serraleon the 19^th Dec^r 1715 was read.
A Letter from Capt. Joseph Traherne of the Resolution dated at A Letter from Capt^n Joseph Traherne of the Resolution dated at
Barbadoes the 10th April last was read Barbadoes the 10^th April last was read
Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Accounts to prepare Ordered That it be referr'd to the Committee of accounts to prepare
Ande Trade
a Computation how the Company's affairs stand with respect to the a Computation how the Company's affairs stand with respect to the
it to be made it to be made
Regroc Trade, and report the same to the Court on this day fortnight negroe Trade, and report the same to the Court on this day fortnight
Ordered That the taking into Consideration the State of the Ordered That the taking into Consideration the State of the
Buenos Ayres Factory be adjourned till this day Sevenight Buenos ayres Factory be adjourned till this day Sevenight.
and that nothing do then Intervene. and that nothing do then Intervene.
Ordered That it be referrd to the Comittee of accounts to consider Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of accounts to consider
of a Method to prevent the Transfer Books being shut up at Chritme of a Method to prevent the Transfer Books being shut up at Christmas
Mext. next:
Ad. Adj^d