
A Bill of Exchange drawn by Captn Dover for Fourhunded A Bill of Exchange drawn by Capt^n . Dover for Four hunded
& fifty pounds payable (for ha year's Salary) to Captn. John Opre or & fifty pounds payable (for ha year's Salary) to Capt^n . John Opic or
Order was pursuant to order of the Comittee of accounts, laid before Order was pursuant to order of the Comittee of accounts, laid before
the Court for their Directions. the Court for their Directions.
Ordered That a Warrant be made out to Mrs Elizabeth Opice Ordered That a Warrant be made out to M^rs . Elizabeth Opic
Wife and attorney of the said Capta Opie for Two hundred & twventy foe Wife and attorney of the said Capt^n Opie for Two hundred & twenty five
pounds being a Moiety of half a years Salary due to Capt Dover pounds being a Moiety of half a years Salary due to Capt^n . Dover
and payable in England according to Contract. Mrs Opie leaving wth and payable in England according to Contract. M^rs. Opie leaving w^th
the accountant one of the Bills of Exchange, a copy of Herhubands the accountant one of the Bills of Exchange, a copy of Her husbands
Letter of Attorney, and giving a Receipt for the se Letter of Attorney, and giving a Receipt for the same
And a Warrant was made out accordingly and signed in Court. And a Warrant was made out accordingly and signed in Court.
Ordered That the former Bill drawn by Captn Dover for Three Ordered That the former Bill drawn by Capt^n Dover for Three
hundred & Eighty nine pounds Two shillings & one penny half penne hundred & Eighty nine pounds Two shillings & one penny half penny
in favour of the said Capt. opce for Presents made by him to the in favour of the said Capt^n. Opie for Presents made by him to the
Royal Officers be Referd to the Comittee of accounts, and that Royal Officers be Refer'd to the Comittee of accounts, and that
they Report their opinion thereupon to the next Court they Report their opinion thereupon to the next Court.
Resolved That in case the Company's Factors abroad dure Resolved That in case the Company's Factors abroad desire
any part of their Salaries to be paid here (Pursuant to the Articles any part of their Salaries to be paid here (Pursuant to the Articles
between them and the Company) That they enter such their desire between them and the Company) That they enter such their desire
in the Council Book, and that certificates thereof signed by the in the Council Book, and that certificates thereof signed by the
Council be transmitted to the Company Council be transmitted to the Company.
Ordered That the Comittee of Correpondence in the neet lu Ordered That the Comittee of Correpondence in the neet lu
to the Several Factories, advise them thereof. to the Several Factories, advise them thereof.
The Minutes of the Committee of Conrepondence of the 6th Inst. The Minutes of the Committee of Conrepondence of the 6^th . Inst.
were Read. were Read.
Ordered That the lit of the Books desred by the Sesuits of Besna Ordered That the list of the Books desired by the Sesuits of Buenos
Ayres be referd to Sr Theodore Sanssen, and that he be desired to Ayres be refer'd to S^r. Theodore Tanssen, and that he be desired to
enquire into the Value of them. and Report the same to the court? enquire into the Value of them. and Report the same to the court.
Instruction Instruction