457 457
Me Instrictions draun af for Capt. Robt. Sohsion of the Anglesy weare Me Instructions drawn up for Capt. Rob.^t Johnson of the Anglesy were
read before him, and afterward Signd in Court read before him, and afterward Signd in Court
Resolve Resolve
That in case the Prince of Sr Bulno & Marg of Villa Rodha That in case the Prince of S.^ro Bueno & Marg of Villa Rodha
shall not go on board the Augleccy and any Pasenger Shall despe to be caud shall not go on board the Anglesy and any Pasenger Shall desire to be carr.^d
inher, (that this Coure have no Objection to Capt. Johnsons taking thei in her, (that this Court have no Objection to Capt. Johnson's taking them
on board, provided it Occasions no delay to the ships proceeding on board, provided it Occasions no delay to the ships proceeding
Upon reading Represeutations from the Companys Officers appounted for Upon reading Representations from the Company's Officers appointed for
Carthagena & Ponaia Carthagena & Panama
Recsolved That in Coeany of he Companys offars gaingabroad to the Resolved That in Case of he Companys officers going abroad to the
Companys Settlements, dye before the Quarters Sallary advanced to them Companys Settlements, dye before the Quarters Sallary advanced to them
becomes due, that their E or Admrs shall not be liable to repund the same becomes due, that their Ex.^rs or Adm.^rs shall not be liable to refund the same
or any part to the Company or any part to the Company
Ravloed, Fere we Ers be Smper o crcl of the Thes of Relenea Resolved, that 1000 p.^s  be impect to each of the chiefs of the several
Factorys at Carthagena & Canama for the Subiistance of the sd Factorys Factorys at Carthagena & Panama for the Subiistance of the sd Factorys
the same to be accounted for to the Company the same to be accounted for to the Company
Rsolved (hat the Slangs o the Comparys offices at Cmana conere Resolved (that the Sallarys to the Comparys offices at Panama comence
upon their Arivat at Carthagena upon their Arrival at Carthagena
The Minute of the Comite of Accompts of this day were read Vayd t The Minute of the Comittee of Accompts of this day were read Vage.^d to
And the following Warrants having pait the said Comittee were laid before And the following Warrants having part the said Comittee were laid before
the Court for payment Vizt the Court for payment Viz.^t
Imprects on Accot of the Ls. Sallary Imprects on Acco.^t of the 2.os Sallary
CLJ
250.00 250.0.0
To Jamee Pym To Jame Pym
125. 0. 0 125. 0. 0
Arthur North Arthur North
78:2:6 78:2:6
John Parsons John Parsons
62:10:0 62:10:0
Jno Newcon Jn.^o Newton
886:8 886:8
Wm Bumpeted Wm Bumpeted
598:19:2 598:19:2