Ordered That oo Gunceas begiven to the Leauterants Maser &e of Ordered That 5o Guinneas be given to the Lieutenants Master [?] of
the Elizabeth And 10 Guineas to the Captains Cluk as menconed in the the Elizabeth And 10 Guineas to the Captains Clerk as menconed in the
said Minutes of the 14 Instant, and aWarrant was Signed accordingly in Can said Minutes of the 14 Instant, and a Warrant was Signed accordingly in Court
Ordered that the Comittee of Susing be discharged from for the teagin Ordered that the Comittee of shiping be discharged from further heating
with the Owners of Oxford. with the Owners of Oxford.
Ordered Ordered
That it be recomended to the Comittee of Shipsing to take up on tle That it be recomended to the Comittee of Shiping to take upon the
best terms they can the ships necessary for this companys Service and that lhay best terms they can the ships necessary for this companys Service and that they
Endeavou Way be Saclary Ships Endeavour they be Sailing Ships.
Capt Cricen otcending wnscated in And be dened that he night bealeared o Cap^t Vincent attending was called in And be desired that he night be allowed to
touch at any Cort where it was abrolutely necessary. touch at any port where it was absolutely necessary.
Resolved That Capt. Oricent be fermitted to tauck not only at Samaicabua Resolved, That Cap^t. Vincent be permitted to touch not only at Jamaica but
any other Port where abroluce necessiry requires to take in a Pilot or other neasing any other Port where abroluce necessity requires as  to take in a Pilot or other neccarry        
Occasions of the Ship And that the same be unerced in his Instructions Occasions of the Ship And that the same be inserted in his Instructions
Ordered that it berefenrd to the Comittee of Shiping to take care thet Capt Ordered that it be referrd to the Comittee of Shiping to take care that Cap^t
Vincent Sign Bills of Lading tamonow Evening for the Goods put on board t Vincent Sign Bills of Lading tomonow Evening for the Goods put on board him
the Elizabeth the Elizabeth.
The Munars of Te Cconte of the Tery of the . Sevent o thid egare The Minutes of The Comittee of the Treary of the 11 instant  this day were
pead and agreed to, read and agreed to,
The Aaconpeane lad before the Car. The Sroaye of the God puator had The Accomptant laid before the Court. The Invoyce  of the Goods put on board
le Elzabeth the Elizabeth,
Ordered that the Accompeant Sign the same, Ordered that the Accomptant Sign the same,
At Pesion of Mr. Joas Pandnde Mener or betalfof he Caesas te Highe At Petition of Mr. Issac Fernandes Munez or behalf of he owners and freighters of
he May Faver Stoop relating to the said Stoops being seired with 200 Regors in the May [?] Sloop relating to the said Sloops being seized with 200 negoes in the
Spauih West Judies and Carried into Porto belto, was read spanish West Indies and Carried into Porto bello, was read,
Ordered that it be an Intruccion to the ad Comtte of Coneporande t Ordered that it be an Instrutcion to the  Comittee of Correspondence that