152 152
Ordered Ordered
That it be refered to the Committee of Shiping before bhe That it be refered to the Committee of Shiping before they
clear any Ships account, to take core, that the Com. produce the cast clear any Ships account, to take care, that the Com^[?]. produce the certificates
which were deliverd them of their ships being feighted on Account of the Cont which were deliverd them of their ships being freighted on account of the Cont
Or Recepts from the Companys Agents at Jamaica or Perbadoes of tenhen Or Receipts from the Companys Agents at Jamaica or Barbadoes of their having
delivered the same up to hem. And that they Enguire afer such Crspie delivered the same up to them. And that they Enquire afer such Certificates
as have nor been deliveed up tho the Ships accounts are passed, And Ca as have nor been deliveed up tho the Ships accounts are passed, And that
it be an Instruction to the Counttee of Corespondence when they wnte to son it be an Instruction to the Comittee of Corespondence when they write to Jam^a
and Pebadoes, hat they give directions to the Companys Agents to ta kenp at and Barbadoes, that they give directions to the Companys Agents to take up all
such Certificates as have been or shall be given out And transmit them to such Certificates as have been or shall be given out And transmit them to
the Company from time to time the Company from time to time
The Mines of he Coumitte of thing of the 26. Iurant wared a The Minutes of he Committe of shipping of the 26. Instant were read, ag^d to
The Minutes of the Committee of the Treasy of the 22. Int. were read ag i The Minutes of the Committee of the Treasy of the 22. Inst. were read ag^d to 
Ordered, that such part of the said Minites as relares to Accompts, & Ordered, that such part of the said Minutes as relates to accompts, &
given to the Accomptant. given to the accomptant.
A Letter from Mrs. Weleden widd of Mr And Welden deced, who was A Letter from Mrs. Weleden widd^o of Mr And Weleden deced, who was
appointed the Companys Chief of Prnama Dated 25 Instant Directed at appointed the Companys Chief of Panama Dated 25 Instant Directed at
Depty. Governor was read Dering that her son Authary Weleden, ao Dep^ty. Governor was read Deriving that her son anthony Weleden, who was
with the Panana Factory may be admitted into the Companys Sevrice a with the Panana Factory may be admitted into the Companys Sevrice [?[ [?]
have liberty to come have on the Pesford have liberty to come home on the Bedford
Ordered, that when the Court Setle the sd Factory the sd. Cotter be Conde Ordered, that when the Court Settle the s^d Factory the s^d. Letter be [?]
A Lette fran Mr Dudley Woodbridge of Baladoes Dated the 20 Augt was and A Letter from Mr Dudley Woodbridge of Barbadoes Dated the 20 aug^t was read
and referd to the Comittee of Conepondence and referr'd to the Comittee of Correpondence
A Letter from Capt. Teord of the Pearl Dated the 16 Instant Giving an Accout A Letter from Capt. Tizard of the Pearl Dated the 16 Instant Giving an account of
his Arrival in the Dawnes was read, his arrival in the downes was read,
Resolved Thee Linforward i pathe Order the Cout mae at to Resolved That hence foward til further Order the Cout meet at 10-11 and
tae tey be Sumould for the first time and witt on the Sumons and dugu that they be Sumon'd for the first time and writt on the Sumons and dinglys
Ajo Adjo^d