1y 1y
Teneris 15 Augusta 1712 Teneris. 15.  Augusti . 1712
S Toa Court of Directors S Toa Court of Directors
Present Present
Sr. Andbrose Crawley Deply Go. Sr. Anbrose Crawley Deply[Deputy] Go.^[Govenor]
Mr John Blunt Mr John Blunt
Mr Sacob Lawbridge Mr Sacob Lawbridge
Sr. Saml Clarke Sr. Samuel Clarke
Mr Jno Williams Mr Jno Williams
Mr Geo: Cauall Mr Geo: Caswell
Mr Wm Astell Mr Wm Astell
Mr Fames Dolliffe Mr James Dolliffe
Mr Frans Acton Mr Fran:^s Aston
Mr Henry Durley Mr Henry Durley
Mr Wm Chapman Mr Wm Chapman
Mr Tho Reynold Mr Tho Reynold
Mridm Hamord Mr William Hamord
Mr Richd Houlatch Mr Rich.^d [Richard] Houlditch
Sr John Lambet Sr John Lambert
Sr. Joseph Martin Sr. Joseph Martin
Mr Jno Fellows Mr Jno Fellows
The Minutes of the Last Court were read The Minutes of the Last Court were read

Mr Houldetch Mc Master & Mc Verson took the Oaths appointed by the Charter Mr Houlditch Mc Master & Mc Verson took the Oaths appointed by the Charter
as Directors of this Company in Open Court as Directors of this Company in Open Court
It being moved That a Te thod be Settled To Engage the Directors to their due Attendance It being moved That a Te thod be Settled To Engage the Directors to their due Attendance
at Courts & Comittees, at Courts & Comittees,
Resolved Resolved
Thatin Order to Engage the due Attendance at Courts of Directors & Comittees of this Thatin Order to Engage the due Attendance at Courts of Directors & Comittees of this
Company The following Mlowances shall be made & paid Vizt To Such of the Court of Company The following Mlowances shall be made & paid Vizt To Such of the Court of
Directors as shall Attend & be present within the first hour after the time menconed in Directors as shall Attend & be present within the first hour after the time menconed in
the Sumons for any Court 5t. And to every berson of any Comittee who shall be Present the Sumons for any Court 5t. And to every berson of any Comittee who shall be Present
within the first hour after the time which shall be menconed in the Sumons for such within the first hour after the time which shall be menconed in the Sumons for such
Comittee 2.6 Comittee 2.6
And That the sd Timces be deternuned by the Clock in the Court Roome And that And That the sd Timces be deternuned by the Clock in the Court Roome And that
the sd Clock be never alterd on any day upon which the Court is Sumoued to meet the sd Clock be never alterd on any day upon which the Court is Sumoued to meet
fill the - firet hour, after the time of Sunions shall be Expired. fill the - firet hour, after the time of Sunions shall be Expired.
And That of any Person shall depart from any Court or Comittee without leave of such And That of any Person shall depart from any Court or Comittee without leave of such
Court or Comittee, he shall not be intitled to the sd Allowance For his Attendance at such Court or Comittee, he shall not be intitled to the sd Allowance For his Attendance at such
Court or Comittee Court or Comittee
That in order to the Caymt of such Alowances as aforesd There be Impert & paid by That in order to the Caymt of such Alowances as aforesd There be Impert & paid by
Order of the Court, by the Cailier to the Secretary, Such sums from time to truce as shall Order of the Court, by the Cailier to the Secretary, Such sums from time to truce as shall
be requisite, and that out of the same the Secretary make Such Payments, unto such as be requisite, and that out of the same the Secretary make Such Payments, unto such as
shall attend the sd Courts & Comittees as aforesaid shall attend the sd Courts & Comittees as aforesaid