451 451
(ednesday 17 Novembr 1714 Wednesday 17 Novemb^r 1714.
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
the Sub Governor The Sub Governor
Mr Asell Mr Astell
Mr Audr Harley Mr And^r Harley
Mr Acton Mr Acton
Mr Hamoud Mr Hamond
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mc Houldich Mc Houlditch
Sr. Saml Clarke Sr. Sam^l Clarke
Sr. Chea Jansen Sr. Theo Janssen
Sr. Wm Chapman Sr. Wm Chapman
Sr. Jno Lambert Sr. Jn^o Lambert
Mr Cawall Mr Caswall
Sr Jseph Marcin Sr Joseph Martin
Sr. James Dolliffe Sr. James Dolliffe
Sr. Harct Maiter Sr. Haret Master
Mr Durley Mr Durley
Sr. Saml Ongley Sr. Sam^l Ongley
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Mr Reynoldr Mr Reynolds
Mr Gore Mr Gore.
Mr Tawbridge Mr Sawbridge
Mr Venon Mr Vernon
Sr. Jno Williams Sr. Jn^o Williams.
The Minutes of the lait Court were read The Minutes of the last Court were read,
The Intructions drawn up for Capt. Portington of the Wamick were read to him The Intructions drawn up for Capt. Partington of the Warwick were read to him
and signed in Cout and signed in Court
Ordened Ordered
that the Secretary write to Mr Burcher and Inclose him a Copy of that the Secretary write to Mr Burchet and Inclose him a Copy of
the said Intructions And als of thos Capt. Johnon of the Arglesdy And to dene the said Intructions And also of those to Cap^t. Johnon of the Anglesey And to desire
him to move the R Honble the Lords of the Admiralty to give the proper him to move the R^t Hon^ble the Lords of the Admiralty to give the proper
Orders to the said Captains thereupon Orders to the said Captains thereupon:
The Sub Goo acquainted the Cont Thacon Munday last a Gert The Sub Gov^r acquainted the Cont That on Munday{Monday} last a Gent^m
from the Marg of Montelcon had been with him and the Depty Gov And from the Marq^s of Monteleon had been with him and the Dep^ty Gov^r And
Signified that the Marg had read Letters from Spain on which he desired Signified that the Marq^s had rece^d Letters from Spain on which he desired
to discause some of the Cout of Directors, thereupon Sr James Daliffe, Sr. Wm to discounts some of the Cout of Directors, thereupon Sr James Dolliffe, Sr. Wm
Chapian & Sr. Saml Clarke (Speaking Spanish) were sumoned And that Chapman & Sr. Sam^l Clarke (Speaking Spanish) were sumoned And that
himself himself