40 40
and that the Court cannot come to any determination thereon till and that the Court cannot come to any determination thereon till
Friday next. Friday next.
Resolved That the Several Schemes for disposing the Company Resolved That the Several Schemes for disposing the Company
Aoch, be Referd to the consideration of the Comittee of Treasury and Stock, be Referd to the consideration of the Comittee of Treasury and
that they report their opinion to neat Court. that they report their opinion to neat Court.
The minutes of the Committee of Shiping of the 1th 12t & 7th The minutes of the Committee of Shiping of the 1th 12th & 7th
Instant were Read & agreed to, and also the memorial delivered to the Instant were Read & agreed to, and also the memorial delivered to the
Comrs. of the cuctoms relating to the Entry of the Companys hide Comrs. of the cuctoms relating to the Entry of the Companys hide
Ordered That it be Referd to Coll Raymond to buy the Sloop Ordered That it be Referd to Coll Raymond to buy the Sloop
mentioned in the said Minuter of the 12th Instant or any other Sloop mentioned in the said Minuter of the 12th Instant or any other Sloop
as he shall see beit for the Service of the company. as he shall see but for the Service of the company.
The said Comittee pursuant to Order of the Court the 13th Instant The said Comittee pursuant to Order of the Court the 13th Instant
laid before the Court. a List of what ships have been taken up by laid before the Court. a List of what ships have been taken up by
them since December last with the Places where they are consigned them since December last with the Places where they are consigned
and the number of Negroes. and the number of Negroes.
Ordered That it be Referd to the Committee of Shiping to get Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Comittee of Shiping to get
the companys Paraquay entred by consent, or to pay the Duty the company's Paraquay entred by consent, or to pay the Duty
as it sells at the Candle. as it sells at the Candle.
The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the nt The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the [?]  net
were Read & agreed to were Read & agreed to
The minutes of the committee of accounts of the 7th Intant The minutes of the committee of accounts of the 17th Intant
were Read & Agreed to were Read & Agreed to
The following Warrants having Passd the Proper Committee The following Warrants having Pass'd the Proper Comittees
were Laid before the Court for payment vizt were Laid before the Court for payment viz^t
To Henry Spence for Dying Cloths To Henry Spence for Dying Cloths
£136:19:- £136:19:-
Saml Sugh & C Do Long Ells Saml [Sugh] & C D^o Long Ells
33:3:- 133:3:-
Josiah Boyfield Setting Shalloons Josiah Boyfield Setting Shalloons
47:14:- 47:14:-
Carried Over Carried Over
£31716 £31716