1 ednesday 22d. Decembr 1714. Wednesday 22th. Decemb^:r 1714.
A a Court of Directors A a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
Mr Ascell Mr Astell
Mr Hamone Mr Hamond
Mr Adon Mr Acton
Mr Harldetch Mr Harldetch
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Sr. Heo: Tanssen Sr. Theo: Janssen
Sr. Wm Chapican Sr. Wm [william] Chapman
Sr. Jno Lambert Sr. Jno [John] Lambert
Mr Cawall Mr Caswall
Sr Josph Martin Sr Josph [Joseph] Martin
Sr James Dotiffe Sr James Dolliffe
Sr Saml Ongley Sr Saml [Samuel] Ongley
Mr Durley Mr Durley
Mr Raynold Mr Raynold
Mc Fellowes Mc Fellowes
Mr Lawbridge Mr Lawbridge
Mr Gore Mr Gore
Mr Tench Mr Tench
Mr Vesia Mr Venon
A Minuces of the last Coutwaeread The Minutes of the last Court were read,
The Ansuer to the Marg of Monteleons Memorial as allered by the Comittee The Answer to the Marg of Monteleons Memorial as altered by the Comittee
pursuant to the Directions of the Court the 15th hnutaut was read & approvd pursuant to the Directions of the Court the 15th instant was read & approvd
Sr. James Dolliffe Reported that Sr Wm Chapinan & himself had attended Sr. James Dolliffe Reported that Sr Wm [William] Chapman & himself had attended
the Marg with the said Answer the Marg with the said Answer
A Letter from the Lord Lexington to the Sub Gov Dated at Bath lhe A Letter from the Lord Lexington to the Sub Gov Dated at Bath the
15 Inctaut Inclosing One from Mr Burch Dated at Madried the 26 15 Instant Inclosing One from Mr Burch Dated at Madrid the 26
November last Recomending Mow. Warde to be the Companys Agent November last Recomending Mow. Warde to be the Companys Agent
at Madred, was laid before the Court, And both Letters read at Madrid, was laid before the Court, And both Letters read
Presed Thae it be apaied to the Comittee of Conmporderce to wnde to Ordred, That it be refered to the Comittee of Correspondence to write to
Mr Warde on the Debate of the Court, and also to Mr Burck if they lunk it Mr Warde on the Debate of the Court, and also to Mr Burch if they think it
necessary necessary
A A