356 356
him that Orders will be sent to take out of the said ship what belong him that Orders will be sent to take out of the said ship what belong
to the Company. to the Company.
Resolved. That this Court approve of what the Comittee of Shiping Resolved. That this Court approve of what the Comittee of Shiping
has done in Impresting Four thousand Two hundred pounds to Mr Towler has done in Impresting Four thousand Two hundred pounds to Mr Towler
the Company's Husband for paying Customs for Goods brought home in the the Company's Husband for paying Customs for Goods brought home in the
Elizabeth. Elizabeth.
A Letter from Mr Cathin Shorowgood of this day relating to A Letter from Mr Cathin Thorowgood of this day relating to
the Money & Goods on board the Elizebeth consigned to him, but Cas the Money & Goods on board the Elizebeth consigned to him, but (as
he sayd) belongs to Forreigners was Read. he says) belongs to Forreigners was Read.
Ordr That the said Letter be Referd to the Committee of Buyan Ord^d That the said Letter be Refer'd to the Comittee of Buying
and Shiping and Shiping
Ord. That it be Referd to the Comittee of Shiping to treat Ord^d That it be Referr'd to the Comittee of Shiping to treat
for a Proper ship forthwith to proceed to Carthagena to bring home for a Proper ship forthwith to proceed to Carthagena to bring home
the Companys Effects at that place to stay 3 months the Company's Effects at that place to stay 3 months
Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Baying to Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Buying to
prepare proper Cargoes for the ships hired to go to Buenos Ayres prepare proper Cargoes for the ships hired to go to Buenos Ayres
on the Debate of the Court. on the Debate of the Court.
Order, That it be Referd to the Committee of Shiping to cause Order^d That it be Referd to the Comittee of Shiping to cause
to be put on board the Negroe ships bound to Carthagena or Porto to be put on board the Negroe ships bound to Carthagena or Porto
belo such Quantities of Flower and other necessaries, as they shall belo such Quantities of Flower and other necessaries, as they shall
judge proper judge proper.
The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 29th Rovr The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 29^th Nov^r
5th 6th & 7th Instant were Read & agreed to 5^th, 6^.th & 7^.th Instant were Read & agreed to .
The Minuter of the Comittee of Accounts of the 4t. &. N. Fr The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 4^th. & 11.^th. Inst
were Read. were Read.
Ord, That the Transfer Books of the Company be shut upo Ord^d That the Transfer Books of the Company be shut up
the the