272 272
A Letter from the Buenos Ayres Factory dated the 1t. April last A Letter from the Buenos Ayres Factory dated the 1^st. April last
advising their having drawn a Bill of Exchange for £245:12 payable advising their having drawn a Bill of Exchange for £245:12 payable
to Captn Mabbot for his Comission on Negroes, was read to Capt^n Mabbot for his Comission on Negroes, was read.
Ordered that the said Bill be referr'd to the Committee of Shipping Ordered that the said Bill be referr'd to the Committee of Shipping
Letters from the said Factory dated the 4th 6th 15 & 16th of the Letters from the said Factory dated the 4^th 6^th 15^th & 16th of the same
Month were read Month were read
Ordered That the Cashier accept & pay the Two following Bills Ordered That the Cashier accept & pay the Two following Bills
of Exchange when due being advised of by the said Letters. of Exchange when due being advised of by the said Letters.
2d April 1716 payable to Dr Alonso De Arce 2^d April 1716 payable to Dr Alonso De Arce
500 pd of y 500 p^s of 8\8
and Mr F. Br Uigardi and Mr F. B^r Ugardi
Captn Mabbot Capt^n Mabbot
£108 £108
6 Do. 6 D^o.
A Letter from Captn Dover dated at Buenos Ayres the 7th April las A Letter from Capt^n Dover dated at Buenos Ayres the 7^th April last
were read. were read.
A Letter from Mr Shilps dated there the 6th of that month wa A Letter from Mr Shilps dated there the 6th of that month was
read read
The Court took into Consideration the filling up the vacancy in The Court took into Consideration the filling up the vacancy in
the Panama & Duenos Ayres Factories and the State of the Tartiary the Panama & Duenos ayres Factories and the State of the factory
at the latter place. at the latter place.
Ordered That this day fortnight be appointed for the Chorice of Ordered That this day fortnight be appointed for the Choicce of a
lurgion for Panama Factory, and that at that time the Court surgeon for Panama Factory, and that at that time the Court
consider of setling the said Factory consider of setling the said Factory.
The Minutes of the Committee appointed to Compare the Satcha The Minutes of the Committee appointed to Compare the instructions
with the Actions of the Puenos Ayres Factory of the 12th. past were with the Actions of the Buenos Ayres Factory of the 12^th. past were
Bvenos tye tactory Buenos Ayres Factory
Read & agreed to Read & agreed to.
Resolved That this Court will on this day Sevenight tale Resolved That this Court will on this day Sevenight taKe
into consideration the State of the said Factory and that notang into consideration the State of the said Factory and that nothing
do intervene. do intervene.