11 131
the 12th Instant, Ordered. That any sums not exceeding the 12th Instant, Ordered. That any sums not exceeding
Three hundred thousand pounds be advanced to the said Company Three hundred thousand pounds be advanced to the said Company
between the 25th Inst and the 31t July next by not lessthan Ten between the 25th Inst and the 31t July next by not less than Ten
thousand pounds at a time to be repaid by the Weekly produce thousand pounds at a time to be repaid by the Weekly produce
of their Punds at the Exchequer, on a minute of their Court, directing of their funds at the Exchequer, on a minute of their Court, directing
their Treaser to pay the said produce to the Bark, as fast as he their Treaser to pay the said produce to the Bank, as fast as he
shall receive the same, and upon a Covenant under eal of 3 shall receive the same, and upon a Covenant under seal of 3
Directors of that Company for such repayment at Interest of Sffb Directors of that Company for such repayment at Interest of 5 PC
pann [?]
Copy of the minute Copy of the minute
Wm. Dyer W^m. Dyer
Resolved That this Company agreet with the said Minute, Resolved That this Company agrees with the said Minute,
with this addition, after the word Ecchequer for in such other sooner with this addition, after the word Exchequer [or in such other sooner
manner as they shall think fit] manner as they shall think fit.]
Ordered That Sr. Theo. Tanssen Sr. Lambert Blackwell and Ordered That S^r. Theo. Janssen S^r. Lambert Blackwell and
Mr Tacobsen be desired to be become bound for what money shall be M^r Jacobsen be desired to be become bound for what money shall be
borrowed as above, and that they be Indemnifted by the Company- borrowed as above, and that they be Indemniified by the Company-
from any Charge that may happen thereby. from any Charge that may happen thereby.
The Minidtes of the Comittee of Buying of the 19th Instant were The Minidtes of the Comittee of Buying of the 19th Instant were
read and agreed to read and agreed to
And a Warrant for Impresting Fourteen hundred & fourteen pounds And a Warrant for Impresting Fourteen hundred & fourteen pounds
five shillings & five pence to the united East India Company, on account five shillings & five pence to the united East India Company, on account
of Goods mentioned in the said Minutes, was laid before the Court. of Goods mentioned in the said Minutes, was laid before the Court.
Ordered That the said Warrant benow Signed, and the same was Ordered That the said Warrant benow Signed, and the same was
Signed in Court accordingly Signed in Court accordingly.
Aaj AdJ^d