154 134
The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 26th. Instant ware The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 26th. Instant were
Read and Agreed to Read and Agreed to.
Ordered. That it be refend to the Comittee of Shipping to enquire. Ordered. That it be refend to the Comittee of Shipping to enquire.
how it happens that the Prince of Wales brought home no more hides how it happens that the Prince of Wales brought home no more hides
A Letter from Mr J. Osterland dated the 26th Tnst relating to the A Letter from Mr J. Osterland dated the 26th Inst relating to the
Sale of the Companys Hides was read. Sale of the Companys Hides was read.
Ordered That the Sale designed to be made the 5th July next be Ordered That the Sale designed to be made the 5th July next be
adjourned till the 19th of the same month adjourned till the 19th of the same month.
Ordered That the Hides brought by the Curope Indian Queen and Ordered That the Hides brought by the Europe Indian Queen and
Prince of Wales be sold at the said time Prince of Wales be sold at the said time.
And Mr Osterland was called in and acquainted with the said And Mr Osterland was called in and acquainted with the said
Resolutions Resolutions.
Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Skipping to cause Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Shipping to cause
the Hides brought in the Curope to be Beat & Salted and dired the Hides brought in the Europe to be Beat & Salted and aired
Ordered That a Court beheld on Friday) sevenight to consider of Ordered That a Court beheld on Friday) sevenight to consider of
filling up the Vacancies in the Factories at Panama and Bueno filling up the Vacancies in the Factories at Panama and Buenos
Ayres, as also the State of the Factory at the latter place. Ayres, as also the State of the Factory at the latter place.
A Letter from the Factory at Carthagene dated there the 2d agnl A Letter from the Factory at Carthagene dated there the 2d april
last was read. last was read.
Ordered That the said Letter be referred to the Comittee of Ordered That the said Letter be refer'd to the Comittee of
Correspondence. Correspondence.
Letters from Mr Bowles dated at Madrid the 15th & 22td Tnst NSwere Letters from Mr Bowles dated at Madrid the 15th & 22nd Inst ns were
Read. Read.
Arre from Mr Uyardi dated at Madnd the 22d Snt No was Read [?] from Mr Agardi dated at Madrid the 22^th Inst ns was Read.
Ordered That the said Letters be Referr'd to the Comittee of Correspondr Ordered That the said Letters be Referr'd to the Comittee of Correspond^ce
and that when they write to Mr Bowlds they let him know the may pay and that when they write to M^r Bowles they let him know he may pay
r Duke of Banos
the Duke of Banor the Two thousand Pistols he has Assignment for if the Duke of Banos the Two thousand Pistols he has Assignment for if
he finds it can be done with Security to the Companye he finds it can be done with Security to the Company.
Adj. Adj^d