25 25
A Peticon of several Clecks who have been Imployd in the Subscripcons in A Peticon of several Clerks who have been Imployd in the Subscripcons 
& other Busniess of the Comp. Praying that if there beno fiunther Occason & other Busniess of the Comp^a. Praying that if there be no further Occasion
for them, the time of thenr Discharge may be stated And they paid for their for them, the time of their Discharge may be stated And they paid for their
Service Since the August last as shall to the Goodness & Justice of the Curt Service Since the August last as shall to the Goodness & Justice of the Court
appear Equitable and to be retained again when the Affairs of the Company appear Equitable and to be retained again when the Affairs of the Company
requre, ansread, require, was read,
Ordered Ordered
That the sd Peticon be referd to the Consideracon of the Comittee of That the s^d Peticon be referrd to the Consideracon of the Comittee of
Ale House & Servants and that they Report their Opinion thereupon to the the House & Servants and that they Report their Opinion thereupon to the
Cout. Court.
Ordered Ordered
that the appointing a day for Claring another Director in that the appointing a day for chosing another Director in
the Room of Wm. Gore Esq. who declives that Office be desered to next Countday the Room of W^m. Gore Esq. who declines that Office be deferrd to next Court day
then the Cout proceeded to Cousider of 15 more of the standing Orders& of the then the Cout proceeded to Consider of 15 more of the standing Orders  of the
preceding Court of Directors, which the Comittee of the House & Servants of preceding Court of Directors, which the Comittee of the House & Servants of
the 23 August last had reported to the Caurt, And the same were read & with the 23 August cart had reported to the Court, And the same were read & with
some Aneudments agreed unto & are as follow vnt some Amendments agreed unto & are as follow viz^t
Page in the Page in the
Court Book Court Book
Lat a Copp f e Ledge of he Ougnal soler pon h ef a he le That a Copy of the Ledger of the Original Subscriptions be left with the
Fub Gov and that an Abtract of the Trauters be left every Night with Mr sub Gov and that an Abtract of the Tranfers be left every Night with Mr
Saml. Shepheard & Crot back evary Morning, & left in the Cutedy of Mr Cachye Sam^l. Shepheard & bro^t back every Morning, & left in the Custody of Mr Lockyer
every day and that he take Care of Executing this Order every day and that he take Care of Executing this Order
That the Clarke of this Company under the Great shal be Loved with the That the charter of this Company under the Great seale be lodged with the
Sub Go: which he is dened to take care of for the Company Sub Gov^r:  which he is denied to take care of for the Company.
63– That any Perion may accept of stock for another, the Prison so accapting being  That any Person may accept of stock for another, the person so accepting being
Receivto Authouized in writing by the Assignee or Transferree & not o ther wise assiento authorized in writing by the Assignee or Transferree & not otherwise.