296 296
Retuaned he hoped it was to the Company's Satisfaction, and that hes Returned he hoped it was to the Company's Satisfaction, and that her
Excelly would very readily write to Madrid or ellewhere on any thing Excelly would very readily write to Madrid or ellewhere on any thing
That night be Sevviceable to the Company, and the tab Governour in the That night be Seviceable to the Company, and the sub Governour in the
name of the Court returned their thanks to his Excell name of the Court returned their thanks to his Excelly.
Letters from Mr. Powles dated at Madred the 5d. & 7th Instant with Letters from M.^r Bowles dated at Madrid the 5.^th & 7.^th Instant with
the Papers that came Inclosed were Read the Papers that came Inclosed were Read.
A Letter from Mr Warde of the 6th Instant was Read A Letter from M.^r Uzardi of the 6.^th Instant was Read.
Letters from His Excelles Mr. Dubl dated at Madred the 4t an Letters from His Excelles M.^r Bubb dated at Madrid the 4.th and 7.^th
Instant ere read Instant were read.
A Letter from the Carthagena Factory dated there the 9th June last A Letter from the Carthagena Factory dated there the 9^th June last
was read. was read.
Ordered That the said Letters be Referrd to the Committe of Ordered That the said Letters be Referr'd to the Comitte of
Correspondence. Correspondence.
The Minutes of the Committee of Treasury of the 9t Intant The Minutes of the Comittee of Treasury of the 9^th Instant
and this day were Read, and agreed to and this day were Read, and agreed to.
Ordered That the Committee of Buying be Impowerd to provid Ordered That the Comittee of Buying be Impower'd to provide
Such Goods for the next Cargoe al they shall judge necessary. Such Goods for the next Cargoe at they shall judge necessary.
Ordered That it be recomended to the Comittee of the Treasury Ordered That it be recomended to the Comittee of the Treasury
and Particulary to Sr Lambert Blackwell, Mr Saeobsen Mr Huys and Particulary to S^r Lambert Blackwell, M.^r Jacobsen M.^r Hays
& Mr Gibbon to take care of the Remittances to be made to Madris & M^r Gibbon to take care of the Remittances to be made to Madrid.
Ordered That it be recomended to the Comitee of Correspondence Ordered That it be recomended to the Comittee of Correspondence
to meet this afternoon and write to his Excelly Mc Bubl & Mr Bowles to meet this afternoon and write to his Excelly M^r Bubb & M^r Bowles
about the overpluss tunage of the Bedford and said remittances in about the overpluss tunage of the Bedford and said remittances in
order to be sent away by tomonrow's Post, and that the said Comittee order to be sent away by tomonrow's Post, and that the said Comittee
sign the Letters sign the Letters.