Whithera Trader acd whether the Capt ankd him to be conceived will t pumt Whether a Trader and whether the Capt. ask^d him to be conceived with him
that he is a Trader, but never had any Derlings witl the Capt. Norded he ask him whether that he is a Trader, but never had any Dealings witl the Capt. Nor did he ask him whether
he would be concerned with tim he would be concern^d with him
That having told the Captain that it was a dangerous undertaking & might run hum That having told the Captain that it was a dangerous undertaking & might ruin him
He ausweed be thought so to0 He answer^d he thought so too
Wheller Capt Johnon did not Slew a Ristike to the Proposal Whether Capt. Johnson did not Shew a dislike to the Proposal?
He shewd An utter dislike to it He shew^d An utter dislike to it
That the Capt. said the persons or one of them did not meet him the 2d time at Garways That the Capt. said the persons or one of them did not meet him the 2d time at Garways
Teat about a Week or 10 days after the disappointment of that Meeting at Garways That about a Week or 10 days after the disappointment of that Meeting at Garways
the Capt. said he would declare the Proporal to the Company the Capt. said he would declare the Proposal to the Company
That the Capt did say Mr De Corta was the person that offerd him to be conceued That the Capt. did say Mr De Costa was the person that offerd him to be concern^d
in the Congo. in the Cargo.
That the Capt to ld hm that at the first time the Offer was made to him, he did say That the Capt. told him that at the first time the Offer was made to him, he did say
to the person that proposed it, that it was impracticable & unfair to the person that proposed it, that it was impracticable & unfair
Sear the Capt told hum, Mr Moois Name was not made use of at any time That the Capt. told him, Mr Moors Name was not made use of at any time
about the Cargo. about the Cargo.
Whether the Capt had at any time made use of Mr Moors Name, & in what Whether the Capt. had at any time made use of Mr Moors Name, & in what
The Capt said te had mett those Gontlemen at Mr Moors house, where Mr Moor The Capt. said he had mett these Gentlemen at Mr Moor's house, where Mr Moor
was, and soon left them to go to the Parliament House was, and soon left them to go to the Parliament House
Wheler he knew Capt Johnsons Character & whether he was a Man of Probity Whether he knew Capt. Johnson's Character & whether he was a Man of Probity
He took him to be a Man of Probity & never heard otherwise He took him to be a Man of Probity & never heard otherwise
Wholler, when this discoure was with the Capt at the Crown Saveen, the Capt. told him Whether, when this discourse was with the Capt at the Crown Tavern, the Capt. told him
that Mr Moorwas present wen Mr De Corta made the Propartion to him, concerning that Mr Moor was present wen Mr De Costa made the Proposition to him, concerning
the said Cargo, Or whether Mr Moor was to be concerned therein the said Cargo, Or whether Mr Moor was to be concerned therein
the Capt told him that Mr Moor was with them at his house a short time & then weue the Cap.t told him that Mr Moor was with them at his house a short time & then went
away to the House of Comons, but did not say that Mr Moor was present when away to the House of Comons, but did not say that Mr Moor was present when
Mr. De Corta made ble Croporale Mr. De Costa made the Proposal