196 196
Ordered That hond be made at and belioed io Mr Lond leygon Ordered That Bonds be made out and deliverd io M^r Jame Sheppard
Haberdasher according to the said Minutes And that the Comitte of the Trea Haberdasher according to the said Minutes And that the Comitte of the Treary
cause the Companys seal to be affixd thereto cause the Companys seal to be affixd thereto.
The Menuces of the Committee of the Treary of the 16 & 21. Juranc we The Minutes of the Committee of accompt the Treary of the 16 & 21. Instant  were read
aid Agreed wo. and Agreed to.
The Minutes of the Countree of Accompts of the 21 Instant were read The Minutes of the Countree of Accompts of the 21. Instant were read
and Agred io and Agred io
all arrant to Mr Saml Sleppard for Hatts Amounting to £295.6.0 a Warrant to M^r Sam^l Sheppard for Hatts Amounting to £295.6.0 where
to be paid in Money £ to be paid in Money £
con laid before the Caut cons laid before the Court
Ordered That the said Warrant be Sign'd And the same was Signd accord Ordered That the said Warrant be Sign'd And the same was Signd accord
in Court in Court.
A Letter from Messrs Thompson Moreis & Prattee Dated at Jamaica th A Letter from Mess^ of Thompson Morris & Prattee Dated at Jamaica the
4th Dec last, with Copy of a Represenvation made by them to the apsert 4^th Dec.^m last, with Copy of a Representation made by them to the asssert]
tece, on behalf of the Compny, relating to a duty intended to be laid one there, on behalf of the Company, relating to a duty intended to be laid on  all
Regroes Expreed from that Island, were read; negroes Exported from that Island, were read,
Ordered, That the said Letter and Repescutation be refarred to the Comite Ordered, That the said Letter and Representation be referred to the Comittee
of Correspondence and that they allend the Board of Trade thereof if they of Correspondence and that they attend the Board of Trade thereof if they be
Occasion Occasion
Letters from Mr Bowles Dated at Madred the 20 January & 10 Inscant Letters from M^r Bowles Dated at Madrid the 20 January & 10^.th Instant
were read, were read,
A Letter fon Mr Wood Daled at Tamaica the 4 Dee lat was reed A Letter from M^r Wood Dated at Jamaica the 4^th Dec.^r last was read.
Ordered that the said Letters be referd to the Committee of Concepond Ordered, that the said Letters be referd to the Comittee of Correspond^a
Ordered that the accomptane deliver out the Durdered Wanants for Ordered that the accomptant deliver out the Dividend Warrants for .
the half years Annuity due at Rinas last when ready, according to the latt the half years Annuity due at Xunas last when ready, according to the late
Advertiement. Advertisement.
Ordered, that all Warants for the Diordend due at Rinas lat u o Ordered, that all Warants for the Dividend due at Xinas last not 
exceeding 10 may be paid by the Cash in money to such as shall dene he exceeding 10.Th may be paid by the Cash^er in money to such as shall desire the
same and that an Advertuement to that pupors be seertedin neat talndef same and that an Advertisment to that purpors be inserted in next Saturdays __
Garett and affixed in the usual places Gazett and affixed in the usual places .
Ma Adj:d /