470 470
Friday 3 Decembr 1714 Friday 3^d Decemb^r 1714
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Gore Mr Gore
Mr Acton Mr Acton
Sr R Hoare Sr R Hoare
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr Houldrch Mr Houlditch
Le Sawl Clarke Sr Sam^l Clarke
Sr. Theo. Tanssen Sr. Theo. Sanssen
Mr Chapman Mr Chapman
Sr Joseph Martin Sr Joseph Martin
Mr Canall Mr Caswall
Sr. Harct Maiter Sr. Harct Master
Sr Reoph Desbouverie Sr Xeoph Desbouverie
Mr Reynold Mr Reynolds
Sr James Dolliffe Sr James Dolliffe
Mr Veruon Mr Vernon
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Sr. Ino Williams Sr. Jn^o Williams
A Minutes of the last Court were read The Minutes of the last Court were read,
The Minutes of the Committee of Sissing of the 2d Inctaut were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of Shopping of the 2d Inctant were read & agreed to
The Minutes of the Committee of Accompts of this day were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of this day were read & agreed to.
So Ww Chapman Reported tar Mr Bluct & himself had attended the Lord So W^m Chapman Reported that Mr Blunt & himself had attended the Lord
Townshend upon the subject matter of the Marg of Montcleous Memerial, and Town should upon the subject matter of the Marq^s of Montcleon's Memerial, and
the whole conference thereupon and that his Lords was of Openion that the Caut the whole conference thereupon and that his Lordp{Lordship} was of Opinion that the Court
Should return their Auswer thereto in Writing Should return their Answer thereto in Writing.
To Wm Crapsnan further Reported that Sr James Palliffe & hunself had Sr W^m Chapman further Reported that Sr James Dolliffe & himself had
waied on the Marg of Monteleon for Letters of Recomncation for the Warwt waited on the Marq^s of Monteleon for Letters of Recomendation for the Warw^k
& Auglesey who proviied to do it and likewise Recomendatory Leters for Mr & Anglesey who promised to do it and likewise Recomendatory Letters for Mr
Bowles Bowles.
Ordered thati berefard to the Comnttee appointed to atcoud My Lord Ordered, that it be referrd to the Comittee appointed to attend My Lord
Townsheud, to draw up An Aus to the Marg of Monteleais Memorial upon Townshend, to draw up An Answ^r to the Marq^s of Monteleais Memorial upon
the debate of the Court and Lay the same before the next Court the debate of the Court and Lay the same before the next Court
Ordr Ord^d: