309 309
Delighrote a Menonal againt the Adation of the afrenaed word, In e Bolingbroke a Memorial against the Addition of the aforesaid words, In answer
to his Lordps Letter to the Sub Gov of the 1th Tustant to his Lordp^s Letter to the Sub Gov^r. of the 11^th instant
Mr Chatman Acquained the Count that when the Comnttee attended My ord Pin M^r. Chapman Acquainted the Court that when the Comittee attended My lord Bolingbroke
his Lordswas pleased to act whetherin their Opinon It might aot be forthe Com his Lordp was pleased to act whether in their Opinon It might not be for the Company's
Service that Oue of the Ships which is to Cany the Consanys Officers Hhinld on Service that One of the Ships which is to Carry the Companys Officers should touch
at Cadiz to takeon baard the Prince of Tanto Bueno Vic King of Pew & can at Cadiz to take on board the Prince of Tanto Bueno Vice King of Peru & carry
him to Carthagera which his Lords recmnended to the Consideration of te Couty him to Carthagena which his Lordp recomeneded to the Consideration of the Court of
Diectors Directors
Ordered, that it be an Instruction to the said Comittee that they Canfu a Ordered, that it be an Instruction to the said Comittee that they Conferr with
the Lord Bohugbroke on that Affair and Report the same to the Caut the Lord Bolingbroke on that Affair and Report the same to the Court
Then the Counrt took into Consideration what may be peoper to be Officed lis dag Then the Counrt took into Consideration what may be proper to be Offered this day to
the General Court. the General Court.
And the Resolution of the Court of Diectors of the 14th pact, relaring to be And the Resolution of the Court of Directors of the 14^th part, relating to the
ffring the Company Bonds for he Eusring Medrane & Pliar Doreand, a Issuing the Company's Bonds for the Eusuring Midromer & Xtmas Dividends, were
Resolved: That the said Resolution be laid before the Geneal Caut foron Resolved: That the said Resolution be laid before the Geneal Court for their
approbation approbation
Mr Clarke the Companys Solicitor aqquainted the Count that he had raceisd from M^r. Clarke the Companys Solicitor acquainted the Court that he had receivd from
Mr Lawides, the Queens wanant to the Attorney & Solicitor General to prepre atl M^r Lowredes, the Queens warrant to the Attorney & Solicitor General to prepare a bill 
ast the Assignm ab^t. the Assignm^t.
for the assignment of the assicnte in order to its passing the seals and that the Blal for the assignment of the assiento in order to its passing the seals and that the Blanks
of the assiento. of the assiento.
for the Assguees in the Schedule B werefilled up with the Names of Wr Londe for the Assignees in the Schedule B were filled up with the Names of M^r. Lowredes
Ade p 311. 312313. [Ade] p 311. 312. 313.
& John Taylou Esqr And that he had delivered it to the Attorney & Solictor Gn & John Taylour Esq^r: And that he had delivered it to the Attorney & Solictor Gen^l
and had advanced Some money to pay for Stamps. and had advanced Some money to pay for Stamps.
Ordered That Mr Clarke advance no more money on Accot of fusing be Ordered That M^r. Clarke advance no more money on Acco^t. of passing the
said Assignment n the Conttee think proper to Imprect Money for that purpese said Assignment til the Comittee think proper to Imprect Money for that purpose
And that he follow the Directions of the Comittee in Lassing the Same And that he follow the Directions of the Comittee in passing the Same
The Rayd apsian Cpary ading dened this Camt. dirstor fo p The Royal african Company having desired this Courts. directions for Imprecting
to them the Remander of the ₤20,000 pusuant to the Contract betren the to them the Remainder of the ₤20,000 pursuant to the Contract between the
two Companys. two Companys.
C Order'd