266 266
The Count. Recomited to the Comitte of Accounts the form of Franen The Court. Recomited to the Comitte of accounts the form of transfer
ing the other Dividend Warrants ing the other Dividend Warrants.
The Minutes of the Committee of accounts of the 26th. Int: were wa The Minutes of the Committee of accounts of the 26th. Inst: were read
and agreed to and agreed to
A Warrant for £234 18 to Mr Edward Davis Messenger for A Warrant for £234 18 to Mr Edward Davis Messenger for
going to madrid &cc was signed in Court going to madrid & [?] was signed in Court
Ordered That the Cashier demand of the Treasurer of thenroy Ordered That the Cashier demand of the Treasurer of the navy
the sum of Eighty two thousand four hundred pounds being so much the sum of Eighty two thousand four hundred pounds being so much
due to the Company, to compleat the Quarters Interest payable to the due to the Company, to compleat the Quarters Interest payable to them
the 24th Instant the 24th Instant
Ordered that it be referrd to Sr Theodore Sanssen and Plont Ordered that it be referrd to S^r Theodore Janssen and S^r [?]
Blackwell to settle the money to be paid to the Marguis of Montaton Blackwell to settle the money to be paid to the Marguis of monteleon
his Mrs Asignment his Mrs Asignment
upon the King of Spain's assignment on the Company, and that the upon the King of Spain's assignment on the Company, and that the
in savr of Marg Montaleon in fav^r of Marg Monteleon
lashier pay any Bills they shall draw on him on that account and cashier pay any Bills they shall draw on him on that account and
said paid
report their proceedings to the Court. report their proceedings to the Court.
Ordered that a Comittee of the whole Court do wait on his as Ordered that a Comittee of the whole Court do wait on his Ex^rs.
Mr Pitt appointed Governour of Jamaica and Congrahilate an Mr Pitt appointed Governour of Jamaica and Congratulate him
thereon and desire him to favour the Court with his Company st thereon and desire him to favour the Court with his Company at
Diner Dinner
Ordered That the Seciretary wast on him to know when he iats Ordered That the Secretary wait on him to know when he will
be attended by the said Comittee. be attended by the said Comittee.
The Minutes of the Committee of Skipping of the 26th Intantua The Minutes of the Committee of Shipping of the 26th Instant were
read read
Ordered that the Committee of Shipping cause the 386 damage Ordered that the Committee of Shipping cause the 386 damaged
Hides mentioned in the said minutes to be taken out of the Warthan Hides mentioned in the said minutes to be taken out of the Warr houses
and carried into the Fields in order to be cured against the ha th and carried into the Fields in order to be cured against the next sale
but that they be not delivered to Captn Bound but that they be not delivered to Cap^t Bound
The The