218 218
befor the Lord of the Seary which their Lord pr Dder ohaly afpar of hn lo before the Lord of the Seary which their Lord pr dedvot wholly aprove of but [lord]
taken a Minute thereon a Copy of which was laid before the Coutand read D taken a Minute thereon a Copy of which was laid before the Court and read is
as followeth, viz as followeth, viz
Whichall Fray hamber 16. April 16. Whichall Treay chamber 16. April 1716.
rt6 Present
Sr. Wm St. Quueen S^r. W^m S^t. Quueetin
Mr Mellien M^r Mellien
Mr Newport M^r Newport
y e an ating e fay the pe0 to auper 1530 fall My Lords are willing to pay the 93,000^£ : to compleat  152,00^£ for the - 
Quarter ended at Lady day 1716 out of Southisea Stock in the hands of the heand Quarter ended at Lady day 1716 out of South sea Stock in the hands of the hearer
of the Raoy at Par. We anaining 59000 having ben received by the Comprn of the navy at Par. The remaining 59000^£ : having been received by the Company
by weekly payments in the last year by weekly payments in the last year.
And My Lowr will agree that at Midsoner next they will cause to be haufuled And My Lord will agree that at [Midsone]r next they will cause to be transferred -
to the Combanys tise the 77000 Stock at the then Current price be it more alo to the Companys use the 77000^£ : Stock at the then Current price be it more or less
and not to dispose of the same in the mean time, Oiif the Comfany denes thatl and not to dispose of the same in the mean time, Or if the Company desires that [the]
77000 may beforthwith transterred to their use and will give Secuity to this 77,000^£ : may beforthewith transterred to their use and will give Secuity to this
Lordss Satisfaction that the value thereof be paid for at Midromer next at the s Lord ps Satisfaction that the value thereof be paid for at Med[?] next at the [?]
price, ten their Lords Ele drect an inue diate Tran fen of the whole price, then their Lord ps. will direct an immediate Transferr of the whole
16 April 1716 16 April 1716
This isatrue Copy This is a true Copy.
Hany Klat Hanry Kelsal
She Minae of telanste of h eaey of h 12 Iutane wased, The Minutes of the comittee of the Treary of the 12^th [?] were read,
eot Resolv'd,
That this Court now take into consideration soue way of aprat That this Court now take into consideration some way of disposal
of the Companys stock of the Company's stock :
And after some Debates thereupon And after some Debates thereupon
Ordered, That the Secretary write to Mr Lowndes an Ordered, That the Secretary write to M^r Lowndes and
acquaint him, that the Court of Directors have had under th acquaint him, that the Court of Directors have had under their
Consideaton the Minute of the Rt. Honl. the Lords of Consideration the Minute of the R^t, Hon^ble. the Lords of the
Treasury relating to the South Sea Stock therein miting Treasury relating to the South Sea Stock, therein mentioned,
ad and