450 450
Tthe Draft of the Orders and Intructions to the Several Factorys as nawn up by Tthe Draft of the Orders and Intructions to the Several Factorys as drawn up by
the Committee of Conespoudnce were read and with several Addrcous & Aucedin the Committee of Corespondence were read and with several Addituons & Aucedin
Agre to, and Ordered to be witt fair and laid before the next Court Agreed to, and Ordered to be witt fair and laid before the next Court
The Miunte of the Comtee of tiying of the 1t. Intant, were read & agreded The Minute of the Comittee of tiying of the 1t. Intant, were read & agreded
Ordered That a ttarant beilged for Impecting to Capt. Pr Solgard Ordered That a ttarant beilged for Impecting to Capt. Pr Solgard
and the Owners in Charter furty on Accot of the Freight for the Sd. Mark for and the Owners in Charter furty on Accot of the Freight for the Sd. Mark for
her late Voyage to Guinea & Jamaica ₤1200 And a Warraut was her late Voyage to Guinea & Jamaica ₤1200 And a Warraut was
Sigued accordingly in Court. Sigued accordingly in Court.
Aperieding a Conson Cr ilgad, Aperieding a Conson Cr ilgad,
Ordered Ordered
that the Secretary write to the Secueary of the Royal African that the Secretary write to the Secueary of the Royal African
Company concerning the Moter he dispute between that Comfany & Capt. Solgard Company concerning the Moter he dispute between that Comfany & Capt. Solgard
in relation to the damages on same of their Good in his late boynge and in relation to the damages on same of their Good in his late boynge and
Odene them to adjut the same as soonas possible in order to his Learing his Odene them to adjut the same as soonas possible in order to his Learing his
Accot will this Company and being paid the remaind of his Keight Accot will this Company and being paid the remaind of his Keight
Ordered teat the Companrys Sunceyors go doine & ee in what forwardness Ordered teat the Companrys Sunceyors go doine & ee in what forwardness
the Auglesy & Warwick are in and repore to the Court, when they will be ready the Auglesy & Warwick are in and repore to the Court, when they will be ready
Ooo depart Ooo depart
Ordered, That the Companys Officers at the Several Factorys in Ordered, That the Companys Officers at the Several Factorys in
America procure and sead Certificates under the hands of the Royal America procure and sead Certificates under the hands of the Royal
officers of the Number of Peices of India introduced there, in order to officers of the Number of Peices of India introduced there, in order to
the Company paying the Dutys at Madred the Company paying the Dutys at Madred
DDapod DDapod