1r ednesday 8th Decemb. 1714 Wednesday 8^:th Decemb^r: 1714.
A a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Set Governor The Sub Governor
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Hamond Mr Hamond
Mr Acton Mr Acton
Mr Houldirch Mr Houlditch
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Sr Pleeo. Tansen Sr Theo. Sanssen
Sr. Saml Clarke Sr. Sam^l Clarke
Sd Joseph Martin Sr Joseph Martin
Mr Rapman Mr Chapman
Sr. Harct Maiter Sr. Harc^t Master
Mr Cawall Mr Caswall
Sr. Saml Dugley Sr. Sam^l Ongley
Sr Rtoph Dabouvere Sr Xtoph Desbnverie
Mr Sawridge Mr Sawbridge
Sr. Jame Dolliffe Sr. Jame Dolliffe
Mc Tench Mr Tench
Mr Donley Mr Dunley
Mr Veruon Mr Vernon
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Mr Gore Mr Gore
2
Ml Minutesof the last Coutwere read The Minutesof the last Court were read
the Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 3d & yt Inctant were read and The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 3^d & 7^th Inctant were read and
Agreed to Agreed to,
The Miites of the Committee of Shiping of the 7t. Intant were read &agred to The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 7^th Inctant were read & agr^d to.
Ordered, That it be refered to the Committee of Buying to dispose of the Lead Ordered, That it be referrd to the Comittee of Buying to dispose of the Lead
and Lead Shott prarded to be put on board the Bedford or Elizabell) in sech and Lead Shott provided to be put on board the Bedford or Elizabeth) in such
manner as they shall judge bet for the Companys Sevice manner as they shall judge best for the Companys Service.
The Minutes of the Comittee appointed to allend the Lord Townshene of the The Minutes of the Comittee appointed to attend the Lord Townshend of the
4th Instant, And the Answer to the Marg: of Montelcons Memorial drawn 4^th Inctant, And the Answer to the Marq^s: of Monteleons Memorial drawn
up by the said Comittee were read and Agreed to up by the said Comittee were read and Agreed to .
Ordered, that the said Comittee lay a Cory of the sid Awsw before my Ordered, that the said Comittee lay a Cory of the said Answ^r before my
Lord Lord