38 38
March last, was laid before the Count And an Addition made o them March last, was laid before the Court And an addition made to them
Ordered That the said Intructions be now Signed aAnd they wise signed Ordered That the said Intructions be now Signed and they were signed
accordingly in Court. accordingly in Court.
Ordered that the Secretary Inclose to Mr Burcket A Copy of the Addiconal Ordered that the Secretary Inclose to Mr Burchet A Copy of the Addiconal
mtrcle to Capt. Vincents Instruction for the Lords of the Admiralty Ereers thereon article to Cap^t. Vincents Instructions for the Lords of the Admiralty Ereers thereon
Ordered, that the Companys Officers who are to Reside at Vera Crus get Ordered, that the Companys Officers who are to Reside at Vera Cruz get
theuselves ready and go on board the Elizabeth on or before the 8td. Incant And that themselves ready and go on board the Elizabeth on or before the 8th. [?] and that
Mr Thorowgood the Chief give Notice thereof to the other Factors Mr Thorowgood the Chief give Notice thereof to the other Factors
Ordered Ordered
That Mr thoroughgood be paid after the rate of £80 Pance That Mr thoroughgood be paid after the rate of £80 P and 
from the time hewas last paid to the sd. 8th. Incant from the time he was last paid to the s^d. 8th. Instant
Ordered. Ordered.
That it be referred to the Committee of Concipondence to Consider That it be referred to the Committee of Correspondence to Consider
of and Reprt to the Court, what patifications are poper to be made to the of and Report to the Court, what partifications are proper to be made to the
Several Factors going to Vera Cux, In Cousideration of their staying here Sa- Several Factors going to Vera Cruz, In Consideration of their staying here So
lougafte the other Faccorys long  after the other Factorys
Ordered, That Mr North the 2d office at Carthagera may take his Ordered, That Mr North the 2^d office at Carthagena may take his
passage thither either in the Elizabel or Bedford passage heitther either in the Elizabeth or Bedford
Ordered that the Comittee of Conreepondence prepare & Sign Letters to Ordered, that the Comittee of Correspondence prepare & Sign Letters to
his Exqr Mr McCluen, Mr Bowles & Mr Warde, and forward them away his E^xy Mr [?], Mr Bowles & Mr Uzardi, and forward them away
by the Governments Edpess. by the Governments Express.
Rept. Adjo^d.