119 119
Te Maine of th Conte f he Friny of thn day aened ane The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury of this day were read and the 
Forn of the Companys Pond as therein proposed, was agreed to and is as follows, Et Form of the Company's Bond as therein proposed was agreed to and is as follow, viz^t
10 Fo L No For £
Te goveron and Company of Meclat of het Rnten tedn t e The Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain Trading to the 
South Seas and other Parts of Amouca and for Dicomaging the Firtdry South Seas and other Parts of America and for Encouraging the (?)
Dotenby Oblige themselves and their successors to bay unto A. B. or his Assges by Do hereby Oblige themselves and their successors to pay unto A. B. or his Assignes by
pounds with Interest after the rate of Si pounds with Interest after the rate of Six
indonsment Recon). indorsement thereon).
day of On thousan day of One thousand
pound p pt Paue on the pound p cent. p and on the
seven hundred and Fo the true payment whereof they bnd theft seven hundred and For the true payment whereof they bend(?)
and their successors in the perat sum of and their successors in the (?) sum of
One thousand Seven hundred One thousand Seven hundred
day of day of
London the London the
and and
D godengf he Conty. Dentors. By order of the Court of Directors
To Debale oreing upon the ret of the incths of the ad ont A Debate arising upon the rest of the minutes of the said Comittee
of the Treasury, of the Treasury,
Ordered Ordered
That the sime be Recomitted to the same Comittee That the same be Recomitted to the same Comittee
Ordered Ordered
That the Companys Ponds be issued out in sums of £25:50 That the Companys Bonds be issued out in sums of £25:50
& £100 or upwards in even hundreds And that evary perron to whom Pond Sallh & £100 or upwards in even hundreds And that every person to whom Bond shall be
delivered, Cay One shilling for the stamp of each Dond, at the time of Suchditay delivered, Cay One shilling for the stamp of each Bond, at the time of Such delivery
Ordered Ordered
That the Bond of the Company be made in the Name of Janes Lyn= That the Bond of the Company be made in the Name of James (?)
The Companys Secretary and that it be recomended to the Comittee of the Treasuy to ga The Companys Secretary and that it be recomended to the Comittee of the Treasury to give
Directors for making Copper Plate for the said Bonds Directors for making Copper Plate for the said Bonds
Irdered Ordered
that the Committee f stiing give directions to the Companys Snayns fae that the Committee of shipping give directions to the Companys Surveyors for
brewing the Onglesea & warwick and that they seeifeither of them will Cary br viewing the Anglesea & warwick and that they see it either of them will Carry 600 (?)
of Good and Enguine if the Goods intitled to a Drawback on board one of the sad Sy of Goods and Engine if the Goods intitled to a Drawback on board one of the said ships
may be removed into the other after the time of the Drawback is Expuied, athathe may be removed into the other after the time of the Drawback is Expired, without (?)
Tthe Drawback The Drawback
Rouo. Adjo:d