312 312
or Mr Pringle, the Several Papers referid to in the Companys Menna or M.^r Pringle, the Several Papers referr'd to in the Companys Memorial
to the King of Spain some time between this and Monday next. to the King of Spain some time between this and Monday next:
Ordered That a Peice of Plate of the value of Fifty Guineas Ordered That a Peice of Plate of the value of Fifty Guineas
be presented to Mr Pringlefor His Extra Trouble in the Company afraid be presented to M.^r Pringle for His Extra Trouble in the Company affairs
and that it be Left to the Comittee of Correspondence to provide and and that it be Left to the Comittee of Correspondence to provide and
present the same. present the same.
Ordered That the Secretary prepare a Copy of the Courts Ordered That the Secretary prepare a Copy of the Courts
Memorial to Mr Secretary methnen relating to the Depredations Memorial to M.^r Secretary methuen relating to the Depredations
comitted by the Jamaica Sloops & Spaniards against each other, and comitted by the Jamaica Sloops & Spaniards against each other, and
of the Eatracts & Papers Referrd to therein, and send the same of thes of the Extracts & Papers Referr'd to therein, and send the same of this
Night’s Post to the Depty Governour at Tunbridge. Night’s Post to the Dep^ty Governour at Tunbridge.
A Letter to His Excelly Mr Bubb prepared to be sen incad A Letter to His Excelly M^r Bubb prepared to be sent instead
of the other signed by the Court the 31s. past I was read and agreed of the other signed by the Court the 31^st. past I was read and agreed
to and signed by the Court. to and signed by the Court.
Ordered That the said other Letter be cancelled Ordered That the said other Letter be cancelled.
A Letter to Mr Wyardi was Read & agreed to and Signed by the A Letter to M.^r Uzardi was Read & agreed to and Signed by the
Court Court.
A Postscript to the Letter to Mr Bowles which was signed by A Postscript to the Letter to M.^r Bowles which was signed by
the Court the 5th Instant was Read & Agreed to and Ordered to be the Court the 5^th Instant was Read & agreed to and Ordered to be
Signed by the Secretary. Signed by the Secretary.
Ordered That a General Half yearly Court pursuant to the Ordered That a General Half yearly Court pursuant to the
Charter be called to meet at this House at 11,12 of the Clock on Weaneda Charter be called to meet at this House at 11,12 of the Clock on Wednesday
come Sevenight next, and that Publick notice thereof be given as come Sevenight next, and that Publick notice thereof be given as
usual in the Gazette. usual in the Gazette.
Ordered That allsuch of the Companys Goods as can be got ready Ordered That allsuch of the Companys Goods as can be got ready
for a Sale be sold at that time. for a Sale be sold at that time.
Gooroo Borrowd of £100,000 Borrow'd of
The Company having borowed of the Bark of England Onchander The Company having borowed of the Bark of England One hundred
the Bank the Bank
thousand pounds to be Re: paid by and out of the Weekly produce of thousand pounds to be Re: paid by and out of the Weekly produce of
they this