45 45
349 349
The Minutes of the Soint Comittee of Buying in shiping of the The Minutes of the Joint Comittee of Buying in shiping of the
9th & 13th Instant were Read & agreed to 9th & 13th Instant were Read & agreed to.
Ordr That the sending a ship to Vera Cruy be taken into consideat- Ord^d, That the Sending a ship to Vera Cruz be taken into considerat=
­on this day Sevenight. ­=ion this day Sevenight.
The Minutes of the committee of Shiping of the 15th & 20th. Inst: The Minutes of the comittee of Shiping of the 15th & 20th. Inst:
were Read & Agreed to were Read & Agreed to
A Letter from Mr Anthony De laRose the Spanish consull A Letter from M^r . Anthony De la Rose the Spanish consull
to Sr Lambert Blackwell relating to the Payments made by the to S^r . Lambert Blackwell relating to the Payments made by the
Company to the Marquis of Monteleon, was Read. Company to the Marquis of Monteleon, was Read.
Ordered That it be Referd to the Comittee of Shiping to give Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Comittee of Shiping to give
directions for the Entring the Elizabeth and the taking all the Goods directions for the Entring the Elizabeth and the taking all the Goods
on board her into the Company's Warehouse. and that they examine on board her into the Company's Warehouse. and that they examine
who are the Proprietors of the same. who are the Proprietors of the same.
Ord. That the Secretary prepare a Certificate that altho a Ord^d, That the Secretary prepare a Certificate that altho' a
Cedula has been Entred in the Books of the Company for paying the Cedula has been Entred in the Books of the Company for paying the
Prince of Chalamar Twenty one thousand perces Prince of Chalamar Twenty one thousand pecies of
Flight that Eight that
nothing) has been paid thereon. and that the same belaid before the nothing) has been paid thereon. and that the same belaid before the
Sub Governour for his approval, and Signed by the Secretary. SubGovernour for his approval, and Signed by the Secretary.
he Minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury he Minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury
of the 16th Inst: of the 16th Inst:
and this day were Read & agreed to and this day were Read & agreed to.
Ordered That it be Referd to the Committee of Treasury to Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Committee of Treasury to
invest the companys mondy in such a manner as may be mast for invest the company's Mondy in such a manner as may be most for
the Companys Interest the Company's Interest.
A Letter from Mr Bowles dated at Madrid the 9th Inst. NSt A Letter from M^r . Bowles dated at Madrid the 9.th Inst. NS:
was Read & Refer'd to the Comittee of Correspondence. was Read & Refer'd to the Comittee of Correspondence.
The Translation of a Letter from the Margnis of Grimaldo to The Translation of a Letter from the Marquis of Grimaldo to
the Marquie of Montelcon concerning the Detention of the Bedford the Marquis of Montelcon concerning the Detention of the Bedford's
Cargoe at Carthagena was read. Cargoe at Carthagena was read.
Ordered Ordered