Brought Over Brought Over
£304:15:- £304:15:-
To John Gore Esqr Discot on a Lot of Sugar To John Gore Esq^r Discot on a Lot of Sugar
4:12:20 4:12:20
Robert Chester Robert Chester
White Sugar White Sugar
50:16- 50:16-
Nich. Cholwell Nich. Cholwell
Long Ells Long Ells
2591 12:- 2591 12:-
John Kellaway John Kellaway
Do Do
536:8 536:8
Sundry Persons. On account of EIndia Prohibited Goods 1015 Sunday Persons. On account of EIndia Prohibited Goods 1015
3999.3.10 3999.3.10
Ordered That the said Warants amounting in the whole to Thrie thoused Ordered That the said Warrants amounting in the whole to Three thousand
pine hundred & Ninety nine pounds three shillings & tenpence as above be sue nine hundred & Ninety nine pounds three shillings & tenpence as above be now
signed: and they were signed in court accordingly signed: and they were signed in court accordingly
A Warrant for Impresting Coll Richard Thompson One thousand A Warrant for Impresting Coll^o Richard Thompson One thousand
pounds on account of the Dunwick Merchant, and another to Richd pounds on account of the Dunwick Merchant, and another to Rich^d
Chamberlyn for Two hundred & fifty pounds on accot of Coffoys were Chamberlyn for Two hundred & fifty pounds on acco^t of Coffoys were
Laid before the Court for Payment. Said before the Court for Payment.
Ordered That the said Imprest Warrants amounting to Twelve Ordered That the said Imprest Warrants amounting to Twelve
hundred & fifty pounds be now Signed, and they were signed in Court hundred & fifty pounds be now Signed, and they were signed in Court
accordingly. accordingly.
Ordered That the Comittee of Buying be Impower'd to Impreit to Ordered That the Comittee of Buying be Impower'd to Impowed'd to
any Persons as they shall Buy Goods of for Ready money as Tenthousand any Persons as they shall Buy Goods of for Ready money as Ten thousand
pounds. pounds.
Ordered That all Bills drawn on account of the company be drawn Ordered That all Bills drawn on account of the company be drawn
on the Cashier on the Cashier
Ordered That all Matters relating to money to be drawn on the Ordered That all Matters relating to money to be drawn on the
Company, be from time to time laid before the Comittee of the Treary Company, be from time to time laid before the Comittee of the Treary
The Minutes of the Committee of cone pondence of the 17th Instant togeher The Minutes of the Committee of correspondence of the 17th Instant togeher
with the Letters prepared by them to Mr Bowtes, the Agents at Famaiia with the Letters prepared by them to M^r Bowles, the Agents at Jamaica
and a Postseript to the Letter to the Carthagena Factory signed the and a Post script to the Letter to the Carthagena Factory signed the
last Court were Read & Agreed to and the said Letters were signed last Court were Read & Agreed to and the said Letters were signed
in Court. in Court.
Ordered That it be Referd to the Committee of the Treasury Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Committee of the Treasury