and that they do every thing concerning these matters in such mamer as and that they do every thing concerning these matters in such mamer as
they shall think best for the Service of the Company and for the Speedy dispare they shall think best for the Service of the Company and for the Speedy dispare
of the said ships of the said ships
Ordered That the Comittee of Accounts examine the Invoice Ordered That the Comittee of Accounts examine the Invoice
of the Company's Goods put on board the Elizabeth prepared by Mr of the Company's Goods put on board the Elizabeth prepared by Mr
Shorowgood. Shorowgood.
Ordered That the committee of Correspondence revise &o finish t Ordered That the committee of Correspondence revise &o finish t
Instructions to the Company's officers going to Veracruz, and to Instructions to the Company's officers going to Veracruz, and to
Captn. Vincent comander of the Elizabeth Captn. Vincent comander of the Elizabeth
Ordered That Mr Clark one of the Companys Factors appointd Ordered That Mr Clark one of the Companys Factors appointd
for Vera Couz have the same proportion of Materials allowed him for Vera Couz have the same proportion of Materials allowed him
as was made Mr cumberlege for carthagena, for Essaying the eo? as was made Mr cumberlege for carthagena, for Essaying the eo?
Gold & Silver, and that the Comittee of Shiping give direction f Gold & Silver, and that the Comittee of Shiping give direction f
Providing the same. Providing the same.
Ordr That the Elizabeth proced on her intended Voyage n Ordr That the Elizabeth proced on her intended Voyage n
She is now Londed. She is now Londed.
Ordr That the Secretary write to Mr. Burchett & acquaint Ordr That the Secretary write to Mr. Burchett & acquaint
him that the company having reced the necessary dispatches for him that the company having reced the necessary dispatches for
the Bedford & Elizabeth from the court at madred. Desre hin the Bedford & Elizabeth from the court at madred. Desre hin
to move the Lords of the Admiralty) for directions for Cleaningt to move the Lords of the Admiralty) for directions for Cleaningt
Bedford and giving final orders to the Captn of the said ships. Bedford and giving final orders to the Captn of the said ships.
Ordr. That the Committee of the Treasury be desired to atend Ordr. That the Committee of the Treasury be desired to atend
the Rt. Honble the Earl of Carlite, and compliment him upon the Rt. Honble the Earl of Carlite, and compliment him upon
his being appointed by his Majeity to be first Lord of the Tevay his being appointed by his Majeity to be first Lord of the Tevay
A Letter from Mr Richard Beaumont accountant to the A Letter from Mr Richard Beaumont accountant to the
Afrean Company of this day signifying that. That Company har Afrean Company of this day signifying that. That Company har
ho Objection to this Companys paying One thousand & Seveny ho Objection to this Companys paying One thousand & Seveny
three pounds. Six shillings & three pence to the Owners of the three pounds. Six shillings & three pence to the Owners of the
Windsor frigat for Dead freight was read. Windsor frigat for Dead freight was read.
Ordr That the said Letter be Referd to the Committee of Accomt Ordr That the said Letter be Referd to the Committee of Accomt
Ad. Ad.