156 156
The Translation of a Letter from the Marquis of Montelcon to The Translation of a Letter from the Marquis of Monteleon to
the Governoue of Curthagena recomending the Company's offices and the Governour of Carthagena recomending the Company's offices and
afairs there to his Protection was read affairs there to his Protection was read
The Translation of an assignment from the King of Spain on the The Translation of an assignment from the King of Spain on the
fnmklon [?] of Monteleon 
Company for 1003 Dobloons & 22 Reals in favour of the Marquis of Company for 1003 Dobloons & 22 Reals in favour of the Marquis of
Monteleon was read. Monteleon was read.
Ordered That the said money be paid in the same manner and Ordered That the said money be paid in the same manner and
by the same Person as that on the late assignment to the said Marquis by the same Person as that on the late assignment to the said Marquis
was was
Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of accounts to give Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of accounts to give
an pigened [?] assignment
directions for preparing a Book wherein to Register all Assignments on directions for preparing a Book wherein to Register all Assignments on
the Company from the King of Spain the Company from the King of Spain
The minutes of the Comittee of Skipping of the 5th Init: were The minutes of the Comittee of Shipping of the 5th Inst: were
Read & Agreed to Read & Agreed to.
An Imprest Warrant of ₤1200 to Captn Dodson on account An Imprest Warrant of ₤1200 to Capt^n Dodson on account
of the Prince of Waless freight was said before the Court for paymt of the Prince of Waless freight was said before the Court for paym^t
and was signed in Court and was signed in Court
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 4th Inst, were red The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 4th Inst, were read
& agreed to & agreed to
The following Warrants having passd the Peoper Comittees evere The following Warrants having pass'd the Proper Comittees evere
laid before the Court for payment vizt. laid before the Court for payment viz^t.
To Jas Martyn & other owners of the Wilshice in full for freight £1109:16:- To Jos. Martyn & other owners of the Wilshire in full for freight £1109:16-
Captn. Henry Dodson for Commission of 4 ff 104 on the Negroes. 234.123 Capt^n. Henry Dodson for Commission of 4 P 104 on the Negroes. 234.12.3
X134/33 £134.8.3
Ordered That the said Warrants amounting in the whole to One Ordered That the said Warrants amounting in the whole to One
thousand three hundred & forty four pounds eight shillings & three thousand three hundred & forty four pounds eight shillings & three
pence as above be now signed. and they were signed in Court pence as above be now signed. and they were signed in Court
accordingly._ accordingly._