146 146
to be segued by the Secretary Owring the Rec. of his several Levers unam to be signed  by the Secretary Owning  the Rec.^t  of his several Letters unanswered
to be Sent by comonour Cort. to be Sent by comon our Cost .
Mr Tanner deiring that Several Bondr ac 6 p Cect which were due the t Mr Tanner desiring that Several Bonds at 6 p[Per] Cent which were due the 13th
September last and which he omed to demand payment of moy nas befor September last and which he omitted to demand payment of may now be paid or
continued at 6 p Cet for 6 manths continued at 6 p[ per] Cent  for 6 months
Ordered, That the same be refard to the Committee of the Trary Ordered, That the same be referrd  to the Committee of the Treary
The Menires of the Committee of the Teary of this day were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Committee of the Treary of this day were read & agreed to
Ordered That the Committee of the Treasy of his day were read & agaed Ordered That the Committee of the Treary of his day were read & agreed to
Ordered, That the Cashine keep & lay before the Coun the first Came dayina Ordered, That the Cashire  keep & lay before the Court the first Came day in [?]
Martioroftence, if neediel, A Book of the Seate of the Companys Bonds Andan Month or oftener , if needful, A Book of the State  of the Companys Bonds And an
account of there becoming due that Math and that the Coamittee of the Trear account of there becoming due that Month and that the Comittee of the Treary
as often as there shall be Occasion Refort to the Cout what they think properton as often as there shall be Occasion Report to the Court what they think proper to be
done therein done therein
This dry beng afferired for the Carc of a par dyja Mr. Dablon t This day being appointed for the Choice of a pani dyer Mr. Daberon Mr.
Boyfuld & Mr Leter were called in and tei petitions read And the lans pr Boyfield & Mr Keller were called in and their petitions read And the court 
to the Rrvice by Ballott And the Depty Govt Reported that Mr Daberon had to the choice  by Ballott And the Dep.^ty[ Deputy ] Gov:^r Reported that Mr Daberon had
the Majority the Majority
A Letter from he Factory going to Labera Cru Doced the 20t Ang 1 A Letter from the Factory going to LaVera Cruz  Dated the 20th Aug 1715
at Sea in the Latiude of 23-49 was read at Sea in the Latiude of 23-49 was read
The Minuter of the Committeeof Accounts of the 11t. Irant, a ned a The Minuter of the Committee of Accounts of the 11 Instant, were read and
agreed to: And the fallowing Warrants having pait the poper Conmittes wa agreed to: And the following Warrants having part the poper Committees were
laid before the Court for payment signed in Cout, Vitt laid before the Court for payment signed in Cout, Viz.^t
To Alexander Clave To Alexander Cleeve
£57:2:8 £57:2:0
Newter Newter
John Elderton John Elderton
40. 13.0 40. 13.0
0.0 0.0
Nic Rhotwell Nic Cholwell
Sandford Larglls Mock Sandford Longells Mock
10. 10. 0 10. 10. 0
James Dauiel James Daniel
powder Ruilets powder Ruslets
11. O 11. O
Markham Edes Markham Ecles
Earllen ware Easthen  ware
5.7. 6 5.7. 6
Cha. Burniston & Campany Cha. Burniston & Company
last India Good East India Goods
141. 1.0 141. 1.0
Jno Applebee Jn.^o Applebee
Brasspans Brasspans
£2921 £2921 17.0
8 Adj:^d[ Adjourned]