342 342
Instructions to Captn. Bewes of the Kingston Frigat and to John Instructions to Capt^n. Bewes of the Kingston Trigat and to John
BBird Matter of the Buinos Ayres Sloog were Read and agreed to and Bird Master of the Buenos Ayres ,Sloop were Read and agreed to and
Signed in Court. Signed in Court.
Instructions to Mr Thruppe going President of the Companys Instructions to M^r . Thruppes going President of the Company's
Factory at Buenos Ayris were Head & Agreed to and signed in Count Factory at Buenos Ayres were Read & Agreed to and signed in Court.
A Letter to Dr. Dover was also Read & Agreed to and signed in A Letter to D^r. Dover was also Read & Agreed to and signed in
Court. Court.
Ordered That the Committee of the Treasury affer the Seal of Ordered, That the Comittee of the Treasury affix the Seal of
the Company to One part of the Indenture between Mr Thruppe the Companys to One part of the Indenture between M^r . Thruppe
and the Company. and the Company.
Mr DCosta attending was called in and laid before the Court M^r . D'Costa attending was called in and laid before the Court
The Case & Opinion of council relating to the Company's paying The Case & Opinion of council relating to the Company's paying
Tenthousand Pistols due on the King of Spains Cedula dated 9 Tund Ten thousand Pistols due on the King of Spain's Cedula dated 9^th June
1715. granted in favour of the Duke d Ossuna, and Asigned 1715. granted in favour of the Duke d' Ossuna, and Assign'd
to the said Mr DCosta:, And the said case & Opinion were to the said M^r . D' Costa: And the said case & Opinion were
Read Read.
And Mr DCata being withdrawn And M^r  D'Costa being withdrawn
Ordered That the Secretary acquaint him that if he will leave a Ordered That the Secretary acquaint him that if he will leave a
copy of the said case & Opinion, the Court will write thereon to their copy of the said case & Opinion, the Court will write thereon to their
agent at Madrid and use their Endeavours that the said Money be agent at Madrid, and use their Endeavours that the said Money be
paid here paid here.
Ordered That it be Referd to Sr William Chapman to Ordered That it be Refer'd to S^r . William Chapman to
Sumon the Comittee of Correspondence, when he shall see fit daring Sumon the Comittee of Correspondence, when he shall see fit during
the Indisposition of the Deputy Governour the Indisposition of the Deputy Governour
Letter from Mr Ury and Mr Cleeve dated at Spithead the2 Letters from M^r . Ury and M^r . Cleeve dated at Spithead the 2^d
Instant giving an account of their Proceedings were Read. Instant giving an account of their Proceedings were Read.
A Letter from Captn Vincent of the Elizabeth dated at the A Letter from Capt^n . Vincent of the Elizabeth dated at the,
same Place the 3d. Instant was Read same Place the 3^d. Instant was Read
Ordered Ordered