Ordered That it be referred to the Comittee of Shipping to give preference Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping to give preference
to the said Captn Herle of being imployed in the Companys service in to the said Capt.^n Herle of being imployed in the Company's service in
consideration of his care of the Companys Affairs in his late voyage to consideration of his care of the Company's Affairs in his late voyage to
Guinca & Buenos Ayres Guinea & Buenos Ayres
A Letter from Mr North 2d Officer of the Carthagena Factory dated at A Letter from Mr North 2.^d Officer of the Carthagena Factory dated at
Jumaica 3 Janry last giving an account of his arrival in the Bedford was Jamaica 3.^d Janry last giving an account of his arrival in the Bedford was
sead. read.
A Letter from Mr Wood dated at Jamuiea 7th December last was read A Letter from Mr Wood dated at Jamaica 7.^th December last was read.
A Letter from Messrs Thompson Morris & Protter dated at Jamaica the A Letter from Mess.^rs Thompson Morris & Pratter dated at Jamaica the
2d February last was read 2.^d February last was read
A Letter from the Factory at Carthagina dated there the 15th Jamy last A Letter from the Factory at Carthagena dated there the 15.^th Jan.^ry last
was read was read.
A Letter from Mr. Bowles dates at Madrid the 13 Instant was read A Letter from Mr. Bowles dates at Madrid the 13.^th Instant was read.
A Letter from Mruzardi dated at Madrid the same day was read A Letter from Mruzardi dated at Madrid the same day was read
A Letter from Captn. Blake of the Dunwick dated at Saquine 2 nov A Letter from Capt.^n. Blake of the Dunwich dated at Saquine 2.^d nov.^er
last was read. last was read.
A Letter from Captn Dodson of the Prince of Wales dated at Loango A Letter from Capt.^n Dodson of the Prince of Wales dated at Loango
the 29th August last was read the 29.^th August last was read.
A Letter from the Factory at Buenos Ayres dated 15 Samy last was A Letter from the Factory at Buenos Ayres dated 15.^th Jan.^ry last was
read advising their having drawn a Bill of Exchange for One hundred read advising their having drawn a Bill of Exchange for One hundred
& lighty pounds payable to Captn Herle for his Comission on Negroes. & lighty pounds payable to Capt.^n Herle for his Comission on Negroes.
Ordered That the same be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping Ordered That the same be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping
for their Examination. for their Examination.
A Letter from Dr. Dover dates at Buenos Ayres 14th January last A Letter from Dr. Dover dates at Buenos Ayres 14.^th January last
was read recomending John Burnett Surgeon of the Wilshire was read was read recomending John Burnett Surgeon of the Wilshire was read.
A Letter from Captn Partington of the Warwick dated at Buenos A Letter from Capt.^n Partington of the Warwick dated at Buenos
Ayres the 3d January last was read Ayres the 3.^d January last was read
A Letter from Capt. Townsend of the Windsor Frigat dated at Loango A Letter from Capt.^n Townsend of the Windsor Frigat dated at Loango
the 10th October last was read. the 10.^th October last was read.
Letters Letters