122 122
and that they give them directions with relation to the Stowing the Hides and that they give them directions with relation to the flowing the Hides
on board the Several ships, and that it be sent to the Directors Houses on board the Several ships, and that it be sent to the Directors Houses
to be signed. to be signed.
A Bill of Exchange for ₤625 drawn by the Factory at Buenes A Bill of Exchange for ₤625 drawn by the Factory at Buenos
Ayres payable to Monsr Edme was presented to the Court ayres payable to Mons^r Edme was presented to the Court
Ordered That the Cashier accept & pay the said Bill when due Ordered That the Cashier accept & pay the said Bill when due
A Bill of Exchange for £293 10 drawn by the said Factory payable A Bill of Exchange for £293 10 drawn by the said Factory payable
to Captn. Bound being for his Comrs. to Capt^n. Bound being for his Com^m
Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Shipping to examine Ordered That it be referr'd to the Committee of Shipping to examine
whether so much is due on that account. whether so much is due on that account.
A Letter from Mr Bowles dated at Madrid the 13th Instant No was A Letter from Mr Bowles dated at Madrid the 18th Instant [No] was
read and Roferrd to the Comittee of Correspondence. read and Referr'd to the Comittee of Correspondence.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Shipping of the 24th Instant were The Minutes of the Comittee of Shipping of the 24th Instant were
read. read.
Ordered That a Comittee be appointed to draw up the Address of Ordered That a Comittee be appointed to draw up the address of
Thanks to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales according to the Thanks to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales according to the
Resolution of the General Court and that the Sub Governour Depty Resolution of the General Court and that the Sub Governour Dep^ty
Governour Sr. Theo. Tanssen, Sr. Lambl Blackwell, Sr. Fisher Tench Governour Sr. Theo. Janssen, Sr. Lamb^t Blackwell, Sr. Fisher Tench
Sr William Chapman and Mr Blunt be that Comittee or any three of Sr William Chapman and Mr Blunt be that Comittee or any three of
them. them.
Ordered. That the said Genl wait on his Royal Highness to Ordered. That the said Gent^n wait on his Royal Highness to
know when His Highness will be attended with the said Address. know when His Highness will be attended with the said address.
Captn. Heartsease of the Katherine & Captn Malthus of the George rame Captn. Heartseases of the Katherine & Capt. Malthus of the George came
and took their Leave of the Court. and took their leave of the Court.
An Account of what Captn Malthus desires as his privake Adventure An Account of what Capt^n Malthus desires as his private adventure
was laid before the Court. was laid before the Court.
Ordered That it be referred to the Committee of Buying to Examine Ordered That it be referr'd to the Committee of Buying to Examine
whether the said Goods, both as to their Quality & value be proper to whether the said Goods, both as to their Quality & value be proper to
be allowed and transmitted to the Comittee of Shipping. be allowed and transmitted to the Comittee of Shipping.
Add. Adj^d.