226 226
Lattor from Capt. Bound of the Curope, one dated at Cope. Bendatioa Letters from Capt.^n Bound of the Europe, one dated at Cape Benda 15.^th august
and the other at Buenos ayres dated 2d Sanry last were read and the other at Buenos ayres dated 2.^d Janry last were read.
Fatiter from Mr. Thillitharit dated at Buenas ayres the 4t. Fary leteon A letter  from Mr. Thistlethurist dated at Buenos ayres the 14.^th Janry last was
read, inclosing Account of Sort Charges for the Wilshire Frigat and a men read, inclosing Account of Port Charges for the Wilshire Frigat and a memorial
of several things desired to be sent to the Mayr & Royal Officers. of several things desired to be sent to the May.^r & Royal Officers.
A Letter from Capt. Dodson of the Prince of Wales dated at Buenas Ayre A Letter from Capt.^n Dodson of the Prince of Wales dated at Buenos Ayres
2d Sany last was read. 2.^d Janry last was read.
A Letter from Mr Martin at Buenos Ayres without date was read A Letter from Mr. Martin at Buenos Ayres without date was read.
Ordered That the said Letters together with the Several Accounts a Ordered That the said Letters together with the Several Accounts and
Papers that came with them be referid to the Proper Comittees. Papers that came with them be referr'd to the Proper Comittees.
The Cashuer acquainted the Court that there is a Bill of Cacharge The Cashier acquainted the Court that there is a Bill of Exchange
drawn by the Buenos Ayres Factors for Seventhousand Six hundred & suf drawn by the Buenos Ayres Factors for Seven thousand Six hundred & Fifty
Dott which falls due in a few days, and desiring the directions of the ta Doll.^rs which falls due in a few days, and desiring the directions of the Court
how the same shall be paid how the same shall be paid.
Ordered That he pay the same after the rate of Four shilling and Ordered That he pay the same after the rate of Four shilling and
Six pence P Dollar Six pence P Dollar
Ordered That Sr. Fisher Tench Sr. William Chapman, Sr. Theodas Ordered That S.^r Fisher Tench, Sr. William Chapman, Sr. Theodore
Tanssen, Sr. Lambert Blackwell & Sr Htarcourt master be deired to Janssen, Sr. Lambert Blackwell & Sr Harcourt Master be deired to
wait on his Grace the Duke of Argyle with the 2 Baskets of Caquifr wait on his Grace the Duke of Argyle with the 2 Baskets of Caqui for 
the Prince with a Basket for himself and Complement His Grace on m the Prince with a Basket for himself and Complement His Grace on his
sucess against the Rebels. success against the Rebels.
Ordered That it be referied to the Comitteeof the Fruanghe Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of the Treasury to
sette the form of the demand to be made to the Treasurer of the Navy setle the form of the demand to be made to the Treasurer of the Navy
for the Quarter's Interest due to the Company, and that they takewn for the Quarter's Interest due to the Company, and that they take some
to make the regular demand for the time to come. to make the regular demand for the time to come.
Adj. Adj.^d