277 277
Resolved That Mr Thistlethwaite, Mr Mount and Mr Lannoy Resolved That M^r Thistlethwaite, M^r Mount and M^r Lanney
be continued in the Service of the Company at Buenor ayres. be continued in the Service of the Company at Buenos ayres.
Ordered That it be referrd to the Comittee appointed to examine Ordered That it be referr'd[referred] to the Comittee appointed to examine
into the actions of the Buenos Ayres Factory to enquire particularly into the actions of the Buenos ayres Factory to enquire particularly
W Sngeon Surgeon
into the Behaviour of Mr Shilps Surgeon and report how they find it into the Behaviour of M^r Ships Surgeon and report how they find it
to the Court. to the Court.
Resolved that a lheif or President be sent to Bunes Ayres Resolved that a cheif or President be sent to Buenos ayres
at the Salary of Four thousand pd of 3s. P ann. at the Salary of Four thousand ps of 8/8. P[per] ann^m[annum]
Resolved that the 2d Officer at Buines ayres be allowed 2000py Resolved that the 2^d Officer at Buenos ayres be allowed 2000P 8/8
the 3d13333 the 4th 1000 and the Surgeon 800 and that the said the 3^d 133 3 1/3 the 4th 1000. and the Surgeon 800 and that the said
Factory Consist of Five Persons Factory Consist of Five Persons.
Ordered That Petitions for Chiif at Buenorayres be read this Ordered That Petitions for Cheif at Buenos ayres be read this
day forbright, and that the Candidates be then present, and that the day for bright, and that the Candidates be then present, and that the
Petitions be of their own writing. Petitions be of their own writing.
Ordered That the Court chuse the said Cheif this day Month Ordered That the Court chuse the said Cheif this day Month
Resolved. That the Chusing a Watchman which was appointed for Resolved. That the Chusing a Watchman which was appointed for
this day be adjourned to this day Sevenight this day be adjourned to this day Sevenight.
Ordered That Sr Theodore Jamsen and Sr Lambort Blackwell Ordered That S^r Theodore Janssen and S^r Lambort Blackwell
report to the Court this day Sevenight, what is done by Sr Godfrey Knelter report to the Court this day Sevenight, what is done by S^r Godfrey Kneller
about drawing the Princes Picture. about drawing the Princes Picture.
A Letter Prepared by the Comittee of Correspondence to Mr Bowles A Letter Prepared by the Comittee of Correspondence to M^r Bowles
and another to Mr Ugardi were read agreed to and signed in Court and another to M^r Uzardi were read agreed to and signed in Court.
Ordered That the accountant permit Mr. Lovibond to make a Frant Ordered That the accountant permit M^r Lovibond to make a transfer
notwithstanding the Books are Thut notwithstanding the Books are Shut
So. Lambert Blackwell reported that Sr. Pheodore Sansen and S^r. Lambert Blackwell reported that S^r theodore janssen and
himself had waited on the Marquis of Montelcon and setled the himself had waited on the Marquis of Monteleon and settled the
payment payment