349 349
never was in the Company of Mr De Corta or Capt Johnson before never was in the Company of Mr De Costa or Cap^t Johnson before
Devred that pare of the Captains Letter relating to the Teaneus keeping Secyet {Dwn'd ?} that part of the Captains Letter, relating to the Seamens keeping Secret,
but that he meant in the Weet Judes to avoid Scandall, And further thai te ca but that he meant in the Weet Indees to avoid Scandall, And further that the cap^t
said he was a Stranger to a Seamans Character said, he was a Stranger to a Seamans Character :
Steals Declard that the Capt. readly accpsed Mr De Cortas Ofer sayighe He also Declar'd that the Cap^t. readily accepted Mr De Costa's Offer saying he
was witling to get a pauny was willing to get a penny
That the Capt. aid no say ther the carrying of Good was concray to his That the Cap^t. did no say, that the carrying of Goods was contray to his
Instruations Instructions.
Dind that on the 15th Instant ac Garways Offehouse, he wutt with Capt Own'd that on the 15^th Instant at Garway's Coffeehouse, he mett with Cap^t
Johnson, who cold him, his shipwes orderd off the Voyage, that some body bead pur Johnson, who told him, his ship was orderd off the Voyage, that some body had put
a Trick upon him, and he would be reverged, but named no body, and that the a Trick upon him, and he would be revenged, but named nobody, and that the
Dreciors had notice of it and be beleeved that himself & I should be calld upon Directions had notice of it, and be believed that himself & I should be calld upon
Ound that he advised the taking in Handers Face & Good in the Downes As Ownd that he advised the taking in Handers Lace & Good in the Downes As
prope to Asson the Corgo proper to Assort the Cargo
That the Capt. said he would Land his Boad from the Bray in the Nore forthen That the Cap^t. said he would send his Boat from the Buoy in the Nore for them
That the Capt and him, whether therewas any Road by land from Cartlagena to lon That the Cap^t askd him, whether there was any Road by land from Carthagena to {?}
Veto And that he said not any but they must go by Sea Velo And that he said not any but they must go by Sea.
Thae Mr De Cartatold the Capt that he would send the Good abourd m That Mr De Costa told the Capt that he would send the Goods aboard in-
aHtay by Night, & Enter them for Holland aHoy by Night, & Enter them for Holland :
That When Mr Moorweue away to the Board of Trade he lefe thei ts cate he That When Mr Moor went away to the Board of Trade he left them to take {tea?}
together, & desird him to give the Capt. An Account of the Sparish Coast together, & desir'd him to give the Cap^t. An Account of the Spanish Coast.
Being askd again, if the knew upon what Busness he was to meet Mr Defater Being askd again, if he knew upon what Busness he was to meet Mr DeCosta
& Capt. Johnson: Auswerd he did not know, what Business he was to weet them & Cap^t. Johnson: Answer'd he did not know, what Business he was to meet them
about, but he apprehended, that he was only to give the Capt Information of the about, but he apprehended, that he was only to give the Cap^t Information of the
Spanish Cast, And that they talhd firt of the Coart, and theu of the Cargo, And hat hee Spanish Coact, And that they talkd first of the Coact, and then of the Cargo, And that since
the Meeningat Mr Moorshouse he had not spoke with him relating to the caxpand the Meeting at Mr Moors house he had not spoke with him relating to the conference
there, Nor seen him tilnow in the South sea House there, Nor seen him til now in the South sea House.
Being Asted, whether he knew that he was to go in any Cost in te aghay li Being Askd, whether he knew that he was to go in any Port in the Anglesey, and
that he did not know, that hewas to goin any pow in the Anglesy and hitate that he did not know, that he was to go in any Port in the Anglesey and that he had
Ppeciconed to go abroad in the Companys Sevice, and was wiling to doit flr Peticoned to go abroad in the Company's Sevice, and was wiling to do it if they
should. 