Menday 18 Jruary 1715 Munday 15.^th February 1713
To a Coure of Directors At a Court of Directors
Presents Present
The SubGovernor The Sub Governor
The Deputy Governor The Deputy Governor
Mr Astell Mr.Astell
Sr Richd Hoare Sr.Rich.^d Hoare
Mr Acton Mr. Acton
Mr Hamord Mr.Hamord
Mr Plunt Mr.Blunt
Mr Houldetch Mr.Houlditch
Sr. Teo Taussen Sr. Theo Janssen
Sr. Saml Clarke Sr. Sam:l Clarke
Sr. John Lambert Sr. John Lambert
Mr Chapman Mr.Chapman
Sr Joseph Martin Sr.Joseph Martin
Mr Caswall Mr. Caswall
Mr Master Mr. Master
Sr Chr. Desbaweue Sr Chr. Desbouverie
Sr. Saml Ougley Sr. Sam:l Ougley
Mr Dolliffe Mr. Dolliffe
Mr Pitt Mr.Pitt
Mr Duley Mr Durley
Mr Reynolds Mr.Reynolds
Mr Fellowes Mr.Fellowes
Mr Lawbridge Mr.Lawbridge
Mr Terch Mr.Fench
Mr Gore Mr. Gore
Mr Vernon Mr.Vernon
Mr Audr Harley Mr And.^r Harley
So. JohnWilliams So. John Williams
Ml Mincts of he lat Contuae read The Minutes of the last Court were read
Ordered Ordered
That Buigad Watham & Coll Harrison or either of them be pamitted That Brigad Whetham & Col.^l Harrison or either of them be permitted
to make a Trawfer, nohatlstanrding the Books ore Shutt to make a Transfer, notwithstanding the Books are Shutt
the Minutes of the Committee of accompts of the 12th Instant, were read & agreed to the Minutes of the Committee of accompts of the 12.^th Instant, were read & agreed to.
The sab Gov: aquainted the Court that the Ocsion of Calling this Coust wsio Consider The sbb Gov.^r aquainted the Court that the Occasion of Calling this Court is to Consider
what will be propee to be laid before the General Court next Wednesday, that being the what will be proper to be laid before the General Court next Wednesday, that being the
day appointed by my Lord Treasurer for that purpose day appointed by my Lord Treasurer for that purpose
Then Seveeal Minutes of the Court & of the Committee of the Assinto, and also of the Then Several Minutes of the Court & of the Committee of the Assiento, and also of the
General Court from the 2d June to the 1th Instant relating to the Oficute Contract General Court from the 2.^d June to the 11.^th Instant relating to the Assiento Contract
Ed And