357 357
away to the House of Comons, but aid not say that he was present when Mr away to the House of Comons, but aid not say that he was present when Mr. De
Corta made the Proporal: And that Capt. Johnson Did nor tell him Chas Mr Corta made the Proposal: And that Capt. Johnson Did nor tell him that Mr
Moor was to be concerned in the said Cargo Moor was to be concerned in the said Cargo
Eben Da Bor When Du Bois
Mr Jno Shore attending was calld in and darred to wihdraw and give Addat Mr In.^o those attending was calld in and desired to withdraw and give an acco^t
in Writing of what passed between Capt. Johnon & him, in relarents a proint in Writing of what passed between Cap.^t Johnon & him, in relation to a proposal
made Capt. Johnon at Mr Moorshouse for Carying a Conge of God in he made Capt. Johnon at Mr Moors house for Carying a Cargo of Goods in the
Anglesey to the Spanish Weit Judias, and did the same accordingly whichisa Anglesey to the Spanish West Indies, and did the same accordingly which is as
followeth En. follow the Viz:^t
Upon Sacurday the 5th of this mesue sime, Swent down the Rien nle lys Upon Saturday the 5th of this present June, I went down the River with Cap.^t 
Johwson in his Boat, who the hald me, he had recd a Letter from Arlen Mort Johnson in his Boat, who then told me, he had rec.^d a Letter from Allun Moor Esq^r
Wherein he daned to Speak with him at his house On Friday, which was be a Wherein he denied to Speak with him at his house On Friday, which was the day
before See was with Mr Moor at his house who unroduced him to Mr De Cote before See was with Mr Moor at his house who introduced him to Mr De Corta
and another Gentleman whose name I dont remember and ther the M. and another Gentleman whose name I dont remember and there thes.^d M.^r
Moor went away Mr De Cota proposed to Capt Johnson to Cary out to be Moor went away Mr De Corta proposed to Capt Johnson to Cary out to the
value of ₤20,000 in Good Amounting to about 60 Trns And ffid hime value of ₤20,000 in Good Amounting to about 60 Trns And offerd him to
be concerned what share thereof he pleased: who was to be cocend bardes t be concerned what share thereof he pleased: who was to be cocern'd besides It'd
not hear Capt. Johnson desired time to consider of it, and on the above sad e not hear Capt. Johnson desired time to consider of it, and on the above said 50^th (illigible)
Coldie that he had considerd of it, and resolvd on the Tueeday following whith told me that he had considerd of it, and resolvd on the Tuesday following which
was the day He promised to meet him again at Garways Coffehous, to m was the day He promised to meet him again at Garways Coffehouse, to give
an Absolute denyal, because as he said it was contrary to his Instruction And an Absolute denyal, because as he said it was contrary to his Instruction And
would neither Consist with his Honour nor Reputation would neither Consist with his Honour nor Reputation
Jno Shore In:^o Shore
London the 29 June 1714 London the 29 June 1714.
3
Ordered, That the Secretary delvcer to Mr. Mor Aloy of he Ordered, That the Secretary deliver to M^r. Moor A Copy of the
Examinations relating to the Facts containd in Capt. Johnonis Letter Examinations relating to the Facts containd, in Cap^t. Johnson's Letter
of the 15th Instant, which has been laid before the Howbld House of Comons of the 15^th Instant, which has been said before the Hon:^ble House of Comons
And that Capt. Johnson & Mr De Corta have likewise a Capyheu And that Cap^t. Johnson & Mr De Corta have likewise a Copy thereof
if they desire it if they desire it
Sayd. Adjo:^rd.