245 245
A Letter from Mr. Bowles dated there the same day was reas A Letter from Mr. Bowles dated there the same day was read
A Letter from Mr lizardi of the same date was read A Letter from Mr Uzandi of the same date was read
Ordered. That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Correspondence to Ordered. That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Correspondence to
consider of the 26th article of the assients and report to the Court consider of the 26th article of the assiento and report to the Courts [?]
opinion what is necessary to be done in order to the Complying with the opinion what is necessary to be done in order to the Complying with the
said article said article
Ordered That the Secretary answer Mr ugardis Letter and Ordered That the Secretary answer Mr uzardi's Letter and
Order him to direct his future Letters to the Court of Directors. Order him to direct his future Letters to the Court of Directors.
Letters from Messrs Thompson, Morris & Pratter at Samaicade Letters from Mess^es Thompson, Morris & Pratter at Jamaica dated
the 10th & 28 March last were read the 10th & 28th March last were read
Ordered. That the said Letters be referrd to the Committee of Coun Ordered. That the said Letters be referr'd to the Committee of Coreespond
:ence. ence.
A Letter from Captn Snabbot of the Indian Queen dated the 4 eft A Letter from Capt^n mabbot of the Indian Queen dated the 14 Sept
last at Cape. Bendah inclosing a Bile of Lading for 383 Negroia last at Cape. Bendah inclosing a Bile of Lading for 383 Negroes and
Negroe Provisions was read. Negroe Provisions was read.
Ordered That the said Bill of Lading be referrd to the Comittee Ordered That the said Bill of Lading be referrd to the Comittee of
Shipeing Shipping
A Letter from Captn Partington of the Warwick dated the 29t A Letter from Capt^n Partington of the Warwick dated the 29th Feb^ry
last at Buenos Ayres was read. last at Buenos ayres was read.
A Letter from Captn. Dodson of the Prince of Wales dated the A Letter from Capt^n. Dodson of the Prince of Wales dated the
27th February last at Buenos Ayres was read 27th February last at Buenos ayres was read
Ordered that it be referrd to the Committee of Shipping to ceantend Ordered that it be referr'd to the Committee of Shipping to consider
of Providing what of the necessarie & Medicines wrote for by the San of Providing what of the necessaries & Medicines wrote for by the Buenos
Ayres Factory they shall think Nedfull. ayres Factory they shall think Nedfull.
Ordered That it be referrd to the said Committee to instrut the Ordered That it be referr'd to the said Committee to instrut the
Arbitrator on behalf of the Company in the matters in diference unter arbitrator on behalf of the Company in the matters in difference [unter]
the Company and the Owners of the William & Sarah the Company and the Owners of the William & Sarah
A Letter from Mr Shilps dated at Buenos Ayres the 5. Mune A Letter from Mr Shilps dated at Buenos ayres the 5th March
last was read? last was read.
Ordered Ordered