287 287
Tat the 4 Men of wair, which the Queen isgraciouly yleared to be That the 4 Men of warr, which the Queen is graciously pleased to lend
to the Company shall be granted by Sign Manuel & not in the afiguent to the Company shall be granted by Sign Manuel & not in the asignment
thly thly
that the Grautees shall put i an Answer to the Companys Bill Consectanll that the Grautees, shall put in an Answer to the Company's Bill Consenting that
the Cout of Clarcery by ther deare do ratify Establik & Confrin the agrenen the Court of Chancery by their decree do ratify Establish & Confrim the agreement
between them and the Company between them and the Company.
theat his Lords aid also agree with the Committee (that the Comencement of teabear that his Lord^p did also agree with the Committee (that the Comencement of the assiento
Contract should be the 20th Apil Contract should be the 20th April.o.s.
1714 1714.
1 May N.S. 1. May N.S.
That Mr Caondes carred with him be Drafts & amendments whiclhe That Mr.Lowndes carried with him be Drafts & amendments which he
promised to perfect and deliver to the Comittee on Munday next And that the B promised to perfect and deliver to the Comittee on Monday next and that the Lord
Bolingbroke had directed the Committee to attend him on Tuesday next whyhh Bolingbroke had directed the Committee to attend him on Tuesday next when he
panised to cause the Liceuses & Validations to be fitted up, that the form of ta promised to cause the Licenses & Validations to be filled up, that the form of the
Lycences Lycences
Sign Manual for the Men of Wanr be Sent him tomonrow when he would consitt t Sign Manual for the Men of Warr be Sent him tomonrow when he would consult the
tmen of War 4 men of War
Lord of the Admiralty thereupon, and lay the same before her Majty ic order to its Lords of the Admiralty thereupon, and lay the same before her Maj.ty. in order to its
being signed. His Lords also recomended the hartening the Drafts of the afent being signed. His Lords also recomended the hastening the Drafts of the assigments
Afignt of ye aps Assignment of y^e aps^o.
of the Affecute & of the Schedules, that her Majties Warrant may be obtained with of the Assiento & of the Schedules, that her Majties Warrant may be obtained with
all posible Speed for preparing it for the Broad Teat all possible Speed for preparing it for the record seal.
Which Report the Court agreed to Which Report the Court agreed to.
Te Mines of the Committee appointed to attend caured upon the Tust fthe The Minutes of the Committee appointed to attend council upon the draft of the
Assignment of the Assience of this day, and also the Draft of Her Majles Tign an Assignment of the Assiento, of this day, and also the Draft of Her Majties sign [mannual]
for granting the Four Men of Warr which Ster Majty is graciously pleased to lud e for granting the Four Men of Warr which her Maj.ty is graciously pleased to land to
The Company, as drownig by the said Committee, were severaly read & agred to The Company, as drown in by the said Committee, were severally read & agreed to,
Ordered Ordered,
That a fair Copy be made thereof and delivered to the Lord Bolight That a fair Copy be made thereof and delivered to the Lord Bolingbroke
The Mane of he Comnite of Corepordere f te Intet wanete The Minutes of he Comitte of Conrepordence of the Instant were read&agreed
to And Mr Dudley woodridge having made application to the sd Conte tha to, and Mr.Dudley woodridge having made application to the s^d Comitte that
he be allowd to charge in Account the Cort of the Pravsions & medicies which he he be allowd to charge in Account the Cort of the Provsions & medicines which he
Shall be obliged to Expend for the Subristence and cure of the Company Reges Shall be obliged to Expend for the Subsistence and cure of the Company's Negroes.