161 161
Fednesday 16 November. 1715. Wednesday 16. November. 1715.
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
–resent Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Hawes Mr Hawes
Mr Lawbridge Mr Sawbridge
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr Hays Mr Hays
Sr. Piher Pench Sr. Tuher Tench
Dr. Lambert Blackwell S^r. Lambert Blackwell
Mr Horsey Mr Horsey
Mr Townshend Mr Townshend .
Mr Caswall Mr Caswall
Sr. Thebdore Jamken Sr. Theodore Janssen
Mr. Durley Mr. Durley
Mr Jacobren Mr Jacobren
Mr Delaporte Mr Delaporte
Mr Joye Mr Joye
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Sr. Harcourt Mater Sr. Harcourt Master
Mr Gore Mr Gore
Mr Sage Mr Page
Mr Houlditch Mr Houlditch
Col. Raymond Colo^o. Raymond
Mr Hamond Mr Hamond
Mr Read Mr. Read
Of AeMinutes of the last Came were read The Minutes of the last Court were read
Ordered, that it be referrd to the Comnttee of Conespondence co write to the Ordered, that it be referrd to the Comittee of Correspondence to write to the
Companys Agents at Jamaica to disparch a Sloopwitl Regroes for Labera Cug Companys Agents at Jamaica to dispatch a Sloop with Negroes for La Vera Cruz
with orders to the Factors there to make returns in Coshieal or Judigo sither by with orders to the Factors there to make returns in Cochineal or Indigo either by
the said Sloog or the Elezabelle the said Sloop or the Elizabeth
the Minutes of the Counttee of Buying of the 14 Inrant were read &ag to The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 14 Instant were read & ag^d to
Ordered Ordered
that it be referd to the said Comitiee to dipose of the Goods mencond That it be referrd to the said Comittee to dipose of the Goods mencon'd
in the said Minutes at suchtime and in such manner as they shall think mort in the said Minutes at such time and in such manner as they shall think most
for the service of the Company for the service of the Company.
The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury of this day were read & Agreed oo The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury of this day were read & Agreed to
To. Sr