34 314
Captn. Hosier one of the owners of the Indian Queen attending was Capt^n. Hosier one of the owners of the Indian Queen attending was
called in, and he desired of the Court that he might have the Preference called in, and he desired of the Court that he might have the Preference
of other ships for a voyage to Africa and the West Indies since the Court of other ships for a voyage to Africa and the West Indies since the Court
had adjudged the said ship as too beg for 150 Jun ship had adjudged the said ship as too big for 150 Tun ship.
Ord. That it be recomended to the Committee of Shiping when they Or^d. That it be recomended to the Comittee of Shiping when they
treat for ships to go for africa and the West Indies that they give Prepare treat for ships to go for africa and the West Indies that they give Prepare
to Captn Hosier in the Hire of his ship to Capt^n Hosier in the Hire of his ship
Ordr That it be Referred to the Comittee of Correspondence to write Or^d That it be Referr'd to the Comittee of Correspondence to write
to Mr. Bowles by the next Post to make the Strutest enquiry he can wher to M.^r Bowles by the next Post to make the Strutest enquiry he can when
the Plota will depart from ladiz, and that they sign the said Letter the Flota will depart from Cadiz, and that they sign the said Letter.
Ord. That the Comittee of the Treasury affer the Seal of the Congary Or^d. That the Comittee of the Treasury affix the Seal of the Company
to One part of Dr. Douglass's Articles to One part of D.^r Douglass's articles
A Letter from Messrs Morris, Pratter & Haselwood dated at A Letter from Mess^rs Morris, Pratter & Haselwood dated at
Jamaia the 15. July last was read. Jamaica the 15^th July last was read.
Ordered That the said Letter be Referd to the Committeeof Compond Ordered That the said Letter be Refer'd to the Comittee of Correspond
ence. and that they discourse Mr Morris on the Comp. affairs at ence. and that they discourse M.^r Morris on the Comp^s. affairs at
Iamaua as they think it necessary. Jamaica as they think it necessary.
A Letter from Mr Bowles dates at Madrio 31s August last A Letter from M.^r Bowles dates at Madrio 31^st August last
was Read. was Read.
Mr Bowles's account of Contingent charges from 25 Feb. 1714 M.^r Bowles's account of Contingent charges from 25.^ Feb. 1714
to the 25th March 1716 amounting to 1365 p 3 was Read. to the 25^th March 1716 amounting to 1365 ps 8/8 was Read.
Resolved That the said Account be allowed and that the accountant Resolved That the said Account be allowed and that the accountant
give him Credit accordingly. give him Credit accordingly.
Resolved That Four thousand pr 2s p Ann be allowed Mr Bowe Resolved That Four thousand ps 8/8  p ann^m be allowed M.^r Bowles
for his Salary and Onethousand psts ffamn as a Grahuty during the for his Salary and One thousand ps 8/8 ann^m as a Gratuity during the
Mr Bowless Salary Mr. Bowles's Salary
Pleasure of the Court to comence the 25th March 176 the said Toun Pleasure of the Court to comence the 25th March 1716 the said Tour
setted setted
thousand ps 8 to Include his Coach hire English & Spanish Wnters thousand ps 8/8 to Include his Coach hire English & Spanish Wnters
Wine, Chocolate and all other Charges, except Postage of Letters or any Wine, Chocolate and all other Charges, except Postage of Letters or any
Eatra Presents Eatra Presents
Ordered Ordered