Rccuned to his Exy. on eduesday next Return'd to his Ex^y. on Weduesday next
Ordered, Thar he slearstary gor the sue hanlated Ordered, That the secretary get the same translated
Sr. Lambert Blackwell lard before the Count a letter from the Marg of Marce Sr. Lambert Blackwell laid before a Count a letter from the Marg^s of Monteleau
to the bice Roy of Mexico, Recomending the Companys affairs to his protection to the vice Roy of Mexico, Recomending the Company's affairs to his protection,
And a hawlation thereof wa read And a translation thereof was read,
Ordered That Sr. Lamby. Blechale Sr Wr. Capuar be dened ts Ordered that Sr^. Lamb^l. Blackwell S^r W^m. Chapman be desired to
Return the thanks of this Court to the Marg for the favor of his said Letter Return the thanks of this Court to the Marg^r for the favor of his said Letter
Ordered that the Counttee of Conspondence pefrie An Intrumceue or Ordered that the Comittee of Correspondence prepare an Instrument or
Deputation for the Companys Factors who are to reside at trea Caue And alsoa Deputation for the Company's Factors who are to reside at Vera Cruz And also a
certificate to be attected by a Notary Imprting that such Notary has seeithe certificate to be attected by a Notary Impoting that such Notary has seen the 
Orgunal power under the Great Seat of Great Britain Emporeing the Compe Orginal power under the Great Seal of Great Britain Empowering the Company
to be the assientists And that the Committee of the Reauuy caus the Comonde to be the assientist And that the Committee of the treasury caus the Comon seal
to be affired to the said Depuation to be affixed to the said Deputation
The Faccors appained for baa Cru were calld in And cook thee leave ta The Factors appointed for Vera Cruz were calld in, And took their leave and
the Sub Govd in the Name of the Court wirked them a good Coyagl, recomn the Sub Gov^r in the Name of the Court wished them a good voyage, recomended
Unanimity among thenslves and faithpilness & diligence in the dischargeo Unanimity among thenselves and faithfulness & diligence in the discharge of
the ir respective Trusts their respective Trusts.
Ordered That the Committee of Conespondence write by the Elizabeth to he Ordered That the Committee of Correspondence write by the Elizabeth to the
Companys Agents at Jamaica in Auroceco their letters, and Advis hauo Companys Agents at Jamaica in answer their letters, and Advise them of
the Companys Factors being going to the Port of Vera Cuz to Settl there the Company's Factors being going to the Port of Vera Cruz to Settle there
and such other maters as they shall tunk proper and such other matters as they shall think proper.
Aeo. Adjo^d: