14 114
Ordered Ordered
That Mr Chapman Mc Dolliffe & Mr Skepheard be desired to That Mr Chapman Mc Dolliffe & Mr Shepheard be desired to
peruse the Liceuses for the two stups to cary Goods to the spanish w eit Jndees and also peruse the Licenses for the two ships to cary Goods to the spanish West Indies and also
the articles of the Assients and draw out their Remacks and give a Copy of than to Mr the articles of the Assiento and draw out their Remarks and give a Copy of them to Mr
Moore Moore
Resoived Resolved
Tlat a General Canst be held at Merchant Tailors Hall in Tlat a General Court be held at Merchant Tailors Hall in
Knidueedle Street London on Tursday the 18th Instant at 10 of the Clock in the (Knidueedle?) Street London on Thursday the 18th Instant at 10 of the Clock in the
Frenoon and Cleat publick Notice be given in Tomonows Garette & in one of the Forenoon and that publick Notice be given in Tomorrows Gazette & in one of the
i & week, that it is upon Speccial Affairs next week, that it is upon Special Affairs
Ordered. Ordered.
That it be refered to the Counttee of Buying to Cousider of the That it be referr^d to the Comittee of Buying to Consider of the
following matters and that they take to then Assistance any Gentleman of the Court of following matters and that they take to their Assistance any Gentleman of the Court of
the ft Diectors and Report thenr Opinion to the Court, Viz Directors and Report their Opinion to the Court, Viz^t
The Amount of the 1700 Tuns of Goods The Amount of the 1700 Tins of Goods
The amount of the Cotling Medicies Stores provinous & necessary which The amount of the Cloolling Medicines Stores provisions & necessary which
are to be Sent aut for the Negror on the Ships of 150. Tuns are to be Sent out for the Negros on the Ships of 150. Tins
How much money will be requisite to purchase 4800 Negror, and if How much money will be requisite to purchase 4800 Negros, and if
more should be Sent more should be Sent
The Amount of the Carge of the ship of 300 Tins to be Sent to the The Amount of the Carge of the ship of 300 Tins to be Sent to the
Cauarys, & from thence to the Weet Judies, Canarys, & from thence to the West Indies,
And the 200,000 Ed to be advanced & paid in Madred for the King And the 200,000 cd 8/8 to be advanced & paid in Madrid for the King
of Spain, according to the Assente Contract of Spain, according to the Assento Contract
Ordered. Ordered.
That it be refard to the Comittee of the Treasur to Consider of That it be referr^d to the Comittee of the Treasury to Consider of
a Mettod for rawsing the money that may be requiste to Cony on the Trade and a Method for raising the money that may be requiste to Carry on the Trade and
assents and Report then opinion to the Court assento and Report their opinion to the Court
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 4t Instant were read The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 4ht Instant were read
and Agreed to and Agreed to
Ordered. That al berant be dgred for laying £138: to the Cl Ordered. That all warrant be signed for paying £138: to the (?)