Friday 19 November 1714. Friday 19 November 1714.
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
the Sub Governour the Sub Governour
Mr Astell Mr. Astell
Mr Hamoud Mr. Hamoud
Mr Acton Mr.Acton
Mr Houlditch Mr. Houlditch
Mr Blunt Mr. Blunt
Sr Theo Tanssen Sr. Theo Jansson
Sr Saml Clarke Sr. Sam.^l Clarke
St Joseph Marten St. Joseph Marten
Sr Wm Chapman Sr. W.^m Chapman
Sr. Harct Maiter Sr. Har.^ct Master
Mc Cawvall Mc. Cawvall
Sr. Saml. Ougley Sr. Sam.^l Ougley
St James Dolliffe Sr.James Dollitte
Mr Reynolds Mr.Reynolds
Mr Durley Mr. Durley
Mr Lawbridge Mr. Lawbridge
Mr Fellowes Mr. Fellowes
Mr Verion Mr. Verion
Mr Gore Mr. Gore
S. R. Hone S. R. Hoare
T
The Minutes of the last Court were read The Minutes of the last Court were read
the Minutes of the Committee of the Treasury of the 11t & 18. Incraut, were the Minutes of the Committee of the Treasury of the 11.^th & 18.^th Lietuant, were
read and Agred to read and Agred to,
the Minuses of the Comittee appointed to consider of A Menorial from the the Minutes of the Comittee appointed to consider of A Menmrial from the
Mary of Monteleon And also the Menarial drawn up by them thereupon Marq[?] of Monteleon And also the Memorial drawn up by them thereupon
to the Bt Honble the Lord Towntend, were read and agreed to to the R.^t Hon.^ble the Lord Townshend, were read and agreed to
Ordered That the said Manorial be writt fair And Sigued by the Secretary Ordered That the said Memorial be writt fair And Signed by the Secretary
and presented to my Lord Townshend by the Comittee that drew it up and presented to my Lord Townshend by the Comittee that drew it up
The Miunte of he Comittee of Tiping of the 18. Iulant weread ayd 10 The Minutes of the Comittee of shiping of the 18.^th Instant were read say.^d to
Ordeced Ordered
That the Committee of Stiping provide Shoes & Socks for the Negroes That the Committee of Shiping provide Shoes & Socks for the Negroes
that are to be carried in the present Shiping from Augola to Buenor Ayres that are to be carried in the present Shiping from Angola to Buenos Ayres
To The