The Owners of the Wiliam & Sarach attending were called in desanced The Owners of the Wiliam  Sarah attending were called in discovered
on about the difference between them & the Company relating to the demonage on about the difference between them & the Company relating to the demorage
and Portcharges, and the said Gentl desiring the same may be left and Port charges, and the said Gent^n desiring the same may be left
to arbitration to arbitration
Resolved. That this Court are content that the said matters Resolved. That this Court are content that the said matters
be determined by arbitration and that Sr. Randolph Knipe be on be determined by arbitration and that Sr. Randolph Knipe be on
behalf of the Company and Mr Chr. Hains on the part of the aforesd behalf of the Company and Mr Chr. Hains on the part of the aforesd
owners and that if they do not determine the said differences in a owners and that if they do not determine the said differences in a
Limitted time that they Chuse an umpire. Limitted time that they Chase an umpire.
Ordered. That the Comittee of the Treasury affix the Seal of Ordered. That the Comittee of the Treasury affix the Seal of
the Company to one of the Bonds of arbitration the Company to one of the Bonds of arbitration
A Letter from the Pactory at Sanama dated there the 20th. Febryler A Letter from the Factory at Panama dated there the 20th. Feb^ry [?]
was read. was read.
A Letter from messs. Thompson Morris & Pratter dated at Jamaica A Letter from mess^er. Thompson Morris & S. Pratter dated at Jamaica
the 6th March last was read the 6th March last was read
Ordered That the said Letters be referrd to the Comittee of Conresp Ordered That the said Letters be referr'd to the Comittee of [?]
ondence and the several accounts & Pafters that came inclosed in them ondence and the several accounts & Papers that came inclosed in them
to the proper Comittees to the proper Comittees
Ordered That the Secretary enter in a Book to be prepared for Ordered That the Secretary enter in a Book to be prepared for
that purpose Extracts of all Letters recid & to be reced from the 10 that purpose Extracts of all Letters read & to be read from the [?]
Agents & Factors relating to any Cedular order to be obtained from Agents & Factors relating to any Cedular order to be obtained from
the Court of Madrid. the Court of Madrid.
Lies from Mr Dudley Woodbridge dated at Barbadoes 14t Pebry Lies from Mr Dudley Woodbridge dated at Barbadoes 14th Febry
and 1t March last were read and 1st March last were read
Ordered That this Court take into Consideration the Proposal menhand Ordered That this Court take into Consideration the Proposal mention'd
in his said Letter of the 14th Febry this day sevenight in his said Letter of the 14th Febry this day sevenight
A Letter from Mr Greaves dated at Havanah the 12th November A Letter from Mr Greaves dated at Havanah the 12th November
last giving an account of his Proceedings in a Sloop with negroes last giving an account of his Proceedings in a Sloop with negroes
for the Company was read. for the Company was read.
Mr Mr