1 1
The Minutes of the Committe of accounts of the 18th. Instant were The Minutes of the Committe of accounts of the 18^th. Instant were
Read & agreed to Read & agreed to
The following Warrant having passe the Proper Comitiees, was The following Warrant having pass'd the Proper Comittees, was
laid before the court for Payment vizt laid before the court for Payment viz^t
To Thomas Heath Esqr and the rest of the owners of the C2 To Thomas Heath Esq^r. and the rest of the owners of the 
LS £
Success for freight of 50 thds of sugar from Parbadow Success for freight of 50 hhds(Hogs-Head) of sugar from Barbadoes
Ordered that the said Warrant amounting to Eighty two pounds Ordered that the said Warrant amounting to Eighty two pounds
be now signed and it was signed in Court accordingly. be now signed and it was signed in Court accordingly.
The Minutes of the Comittee of The Treasury of this day were The Minutes of the Comittee of The Treasury of this day were
Read & agreed to Read & agreed to
At Letter from Mr. Thorowgod the companis Cheifat Verelbug At Letter from Mr. Thorowgod the company's Cheifat Vere Cruz
dated at Mecico the 28th april, together with the Translation of a dated at Mexico the 28^th. April, together with the Translation of a
Copy of a Letter inclosed writ by him to Mr Dowles dated at the Copy of a Letter inclosed writ by him to M^r. Bowles dated at the
same place the 30th of that month were Read same place the 30^th of that month were Read
Letters from Mr Bowles dated at Madnd the 7th & 14th Instant Letters from M^r. Bowles dated at Madrid the 7^th. & 14^th .Instant
were Read. were Read.
Ordered That it be referd to the Comittee of Correspondence to Ordered That it be refer'd to the Comittee of Correspondence to
write & tomorrows Post to Mr Bowles, directing him to pay the write P tomorrows Post to Mr Bowles, directing him to pay the
King of Spain as far as One hundred thousand ps ly And that he King of Spain as far as One hundred thousand ps^ly And that he
also pay all the officers Salaries payable at Madrid and that he get also pay all the officers Salaries payable at Madrid and that he get
the Assignments which have been Entred here to be paid here. the Assignments which have been Entred here to be paid here.
And that the Comittee may send him the Dimensions of the 650 And that the Comittee may send him the Dimensions of the 650
al thip annual ship
Tun ship intended to be built, with the measurement according to Tun ship intended to be built, with the measurement according to
Shipwrights Rule, and our measurement of 2 Malaga Pipcs or Shipwrights Rule, and our measurement of 2 Malaga [Pipcs] or
Buts, and that the Comittee may Likewise write to him upon the Buts, and that the Comittee may Likewise write to him upon the
heads of Mr Thorowgood's Letter to him, and sign the same. heads of M^r. Thorowgood's Letter to him, and sign the same.
Then Then