A Letter from Captn Partington Comrs of the Warwick dated at A Letter from Capt^n. Partington Com^r. of the Warwick dated at
Spithead the st. Tnct giving an account of his arrival from Buenos ayre Spithead the 1^st. Inst: giving an account of his arrival from Buenos ayres
was Read was Read
Ordered. That the Secretary attend the Rt. Honl the Lords of Ordered. That the Secretary attend the R^t. Hon^ble the Lords of
the Admiralty, and in the name of the Court desire their Lordships the Admiralty, and in the name of the Court desire their Lordships
would order the Warwick up to Longreach, and that he own the revd would order the Warwick up to Longreach, and that he own the rec^t.
of the said Captn Letter and acquaint him with their Loss Order of the said Capt^n. Letter and acquaint him with their Lo^ps. Order
A Letter from Capt. Townsend of the Windsor dated the 7th July at A Letter from Capt^n. Townsend of the Windsor dated the 7^th July at
Mount video in the River Plate was read. Mount video in the River Plate was read.
The Letter writ & Sent by the Comittee of Correspondence to The Letter writ & Sent by the Comittee of Correspondence to
Mr Bowles the 27th past was Read & approved of M^r. Bowles the 27^th past was Read & approved of
Mr Hawes having bought a Gold striking Watch of Mr Graham M^r. Hawes having bought a Gold striking Watch of M^r. Graham
for which he paid Seventy seven pounds, Seventeen shillings & Six for which he paid Seventy seven pounds, Seventeen shillings & Six
pence. pence.
Ordered That a Warrant be laid before the Court to monow Ordered That a Warrant be laid before the Court to morrow
for Reimbursing Mr Hawes the said money) and that the same for Reimbursing M^r. Hawes the said money and that the same
be carried to Account of Contingent Charges. be carried to account of Contingent Charges.
Ordered That Sr. Lambert Blackwell be desired to deliver it Ordered That S^r. Lambert Blackwell be desired to deliver it
to the Marquie Monteleon and pray his Excelly to convey it to the to the Marquie Monteleon and pray his Excell^y. to convey it to the
Count Alberoni with a Compliment from thy Court for the Count Alberoni with a Compliment from the Court for the
Trouble he has been pleased to take in the Company's, Affairs. Trouble he has been pleased to take in the Company's, affairs.
A Letter from Mr Karcass Secretary to the Comissrs of the Ciston A Letter from M^r. Karcass Secretary to the Comiss^rs. of the Customs
dated 28th September 1716 Inclosing an Order for the putting up in dated 28^th September 1716 Inclosing an Order for the putting up in
all offices belonging to the Customs Tables of Legal Fees, and where all offices belonging to the Customs Tables of Legal Fees, and where
none are due Declarations thereof in order to prevent any Impositions none are due Declarations thereof in order to prevent any Impositions
on that Account. on that account.
Ad. Adj^d.