93 93
Jor Chdore Sanse laid befor the Count a Lettr of Aternay from Clin Ae S^r Theodore Janssen laid before the Court a Letter of attorney from Rene Cottiby Esq.
to James Gaulter Impoweing the sd Gaultior to hausfer the stock in his Name t to James Gaultier Impowering the s^d Gaultier to transfer the stock in his Name the
Accomptant objecting against the same Mr. Cothbys Acco. in the Compays boos bunein Accomptant objecting against the same Mr. Cottibys Acco^t. in the Companys books being in
the name of Renates Cotily the name of Renatus Cottiby ,
Ordered Ordered,
That the said James Gaulter be permitted to hrawsfer the sd Stock by That the said James Gaultier be permitted to transfer the s^d Stock by
value of the sd. Lott of Mtorey St. Cleo. Fusan Asseing the Cant. Clast value of the s^d. Letter of Attorney, S^r Theo: Janssen Assuring the Court that Renatus
Cotteby & Reue Cottly is one & the same person only one of the Names beng in tau Cottiby & Rene Cottiby is one & the same person only one of the Names beng in French
& the otler in Latin And that in the Trawsfe Book it be expressed Rene all & the other in Latin; and that in the Transfer Book it be expressed Rene als
Becatus Renatus.
Ordered Ordered,
Theat it be refered to the Committee of Accompts to prepare & getre That it be referred to the Committee of Accompts to prepare & gett ready
all Matters & things required by the Act of Parliamt & Several Comissions to be all Matters & things required by the Act of Parliamt & Several Comissions to be
performed by the Coms and also by the Directors witlin 30 days after the 25 Decr P performed by the Com^rs and also by the Directors witlin 30 days after the 25th Dec^r 1713
And that they take the Oinor of Council, if they see fitt upon any doubt that And that they take the Opinion Council, if they see fitt upon any doubts that
may arp. may arise.
ot Lette of Atoney from Clonrdis Clprede of Grren to Sovnde Roffirs of C ot Letter of Attorney from Claudius Claparede of Geneva to John Rossieres of Lords
Merchant for hawferring Stock was laid before the Court & read; the accompling Merchant for transferring Stock was laid before the Court & read; the accompling
objecting thereto as not being right worded. objecting thereto as not being right worded.
Ordered Ordered,
That the sd John de Rossere get the Spinian of Mr Anneley la Ca That the s^d John de Rossieres get the opinion of Mr Annesley la Comp^r
Councel thereupon and that the accomptant act accordingly Council thereupon and that the accomptant act accordingly
A Wanant for payment to Mr Mount of £189.3.0 for 1200 Stamp far A Wanant for payment to Mr Mount of £189.3.0 for 1200 Stamp for 
the Transsen Books, was by Orderof the Committee of Accompts laid before the C the Transferr Books, was by Order of the Committee of Accompts laid before the Court
for prugnt. for paym^t
Ordered, that the same be signed & the same was Signed accordingly Ordered, that the same be signed & the same was Signed accordingly in court 
Add Adj^d: 