46 46
A Letter from the Factory at Carthagena dated there the 3d August A Letter from the Factory at Carthagena dated there the 3^d. August
last was read. last was read.
As also a Letter from Mr. Tym to the Duke D’ Alverquergue As also a Letter from M^r. Pym to the Duke D’ Alverquerque.
Ordered That the said Letter be Referd to the Committee of Correponde Ordered That the said Letter be Refer'd to the Comittee of Correpond^e.
and that they forward Mr Pyms said Letter to Madred and that they forward M^r Pym's said Letter to Madrid.
A Letter from Captn. Liel of the Bedford dated at St Hellens the A Letter from Capt^n. Liel of the Bedford dated at S^t Stellens the
25th Inst. diving an account of his arrival from Carthagena was Read 25th Inst. giving an account of his arrival from Carthagena was Read
Ord, That the Secretary write to him and desire him to send up Ord^d, That the Secretary write to him and desire him to send up
the Box of Papers from Carthagena by such Conveyance as he shall the Box of Papers from Carthagena by such Conveyance as he shall
think fit. think fit.
Ord. That the Secretary prepare in time, answers to all Letters Ord^d. That the Secretary prepare in time, answers to all Letters
and Papers to be laid before the Comittee of Correpondence, and acquaint and Papers to be laid before the Comittee of Correpondence, and acquaint
the Chairman of the said Comittee when the said Letters are the Chairman of the said Comittee when the said Letters are
reced. reced.
Ordr That a Proper Person be enquired for who is Mater of the Ord^d, That a Proper Person be enquired for who is Mater of the
Spanish & English Tongues to be employed in the Secretary’s office, Spanish & English Tongues to be employed in the Secretary’s office,
A Letter from Mossrs Pratter & Haselwood dated at Jamaica A Letter from Mess^rs Pratter & Haselwood dated at Jamaica
the 15th September next was Read & Refer'd to the Comittee of the 15^th September next was Read & Refer'd to the Comittee of
Correspondence. Correspondence.
Mr Vicete Secretary from Republick of Genra, deiring a M^r Vicete Secretary from Republick of Genra, [?] a
Certificate may be given that no money has been paid the Marquis Certificate may be given that no money has been paid the Marquis
De Villa Mayor Embassador to the King of Sicilly by Vertue of two De Villa Mayor Embassador to the King of Sicilly by Vertue of two
Dispatches in his favour from the King of Spain, tho' they have been Dispatches in his favour from the King of Spain, tho' they have been
Entred in the Companis. Dooks. Entred in the Companis. Books.
Ordered That the Secretary prepare & Sign such a Certificate Ordered That the Secretary prepare & Sign such a Certificate
accordingly accordingly.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 21t. & 27th Sistant The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 21^st. & 27^th Instant
were Read & agreed to were Read & agreed to
The The