126 126
Ordered That lapt Bound be desired to attend the Committee appointed Ordered That Capt^n Bound be desired to attend the Comittee appointed
to examine the Actions of the Duenos ayres Factory. to examine the Actions of the Buenos ayres Factory.
The SubGovernour reported that the Court of Directors had pursuant The Sub Governour reported that the Court of Directors had pursuant
to the Order of the last General Court waited on His Royal Highness to the Order of the last General Court waited on His Royal Highness
The Prince of Wales to return their humble thanks for remitting the The Prince of Wales to return their humble thanks for remitting the
allowance Due to him as Governour. and pray the Honour of His allowance Due to him as Governour. and pray the Honour of His
Highness to set for His Picture for the use of the Company, which Highness to set for His Picture for the use of the Company, which
His Highness took very kindly, and that his Royal Highness said His Highness took very kindly, and that his Royal Highness said
Ordered That Sr. Theodore Janssen & Sr Lambert Blackwell or Ordered That Sr. Theodore Janssen & S^r Lambert Blackwell or
either of them go to Sr Godfrey Kneller and acquaint him therewith either of them go to Sr Godfrey Kneller and acquaint him therewith
and desire him to wait on the Prince. and desire him to wait on the Prince.
Ordered That Mons Edme late President of the French Factory Ordered That Mons^r Edme late President of the French Factory
at Buenos Ayres be desired to give the Comittee, appointed to Examine into at Buenos Ayres be desired to give the Comittee, appointed to Examine into
the Actions of the Companys Factory there, an opportunity of dicousing the Actions of the Company's Factory there, an opportunity of dicoursing
him relating) to the Trade at that Place, and that he would dine him relating to the Trade at that Place, and that he would dine
with them on Friday next. with them on Friday next.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Shipping of the 3d May last relatd The Minutes of the Comittee of Shipping of the 3^d May last relating
to the ships they thought necessary to be sent out for Negroes for the to the ships they thought necessary to be sent out for Negroes for the
year were Read and agreed to and are as follows year were Read and agreed to and are as follows
The Comittee took into Consideration the Order of Court The Comittee took into Consideration the Order of Court
of the 11th April whereby it was referr'd to them to lay before the of the 11^th April whereby it was referr'd to them to lay before the
Court a List of the ships already taken up and still wanting for the Court a List of the ships already taken up and still wanting for the
year 1716. and the number of negroes. year 1716. and the number of negroes.
Those already taken up are as follows Those already taken up are as follows
The Royal AfricaCapt Poot for the Gold Coast & The Royal Africa Capt^n Toot for the Gold Coast &
Jamaica or the Spanish Weit Indies for 240 Negros Jamaica or the Spanish Weit Indies for 240 Negros
The John Galley Capt. Dunckley for The John Galley Capt^n. Dunckley for
260 260
the same Places the same Places
Carried over Carried over
500 Negroes 500 Negroes