216 216
Friday 13 April 1716 Friday 13 April 1716
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The SubGovernour The Sub Governour
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Houlditch Mr Houlditch
Coll. Raymond Coll. Raymond
So Lamb Blackwell Sr. Lamb.^t[Lambert] Blackwell
Mr Hamond Mr Hamond
Mr Read Mr Read
Mr Caswall Mr Caswall
Mr Hawes Mr Hawes
Mr. Lawbrag Mr. Sawbridge
Mr Hays Mr Hays
Sr. William Chapman Sr. William Chapman
Sr Fisher Teat Sr. Fisher [?]
Mr Horsey Mr Horsey
Mr Chester Mr Chester
Po. Theo: Jampen Sr.. Theo: [Theodore]Tanssen
Mr Durley Mr. Durley
Mr Jacobsen Mr. Jacobsen
Mr Delaporte Mr. Delaporte
Mr. Joye Mr. Joye
Mr Tellowes Mr Fellowes
Mr Page Mr Page
Mr Gore Mr Gore
Te sid Goavenor agqguained the Caue that bhe Ocason of calinglena The Sub Governor acquainted the Court that the Occasion of calling them
from the Lords of the Treary denring to know whether this Company would cat from the Lords of the Treary denring to know whether this Company would accept
of £93,000 South Ba Scock in the Governments hands being to compleat t of £93,000 South Sea Stock in the Governments hands being to compleat the
last Quarcers Interest due to the Company last Quarter Interest due to the Company
which they took into Consideration and after some Debater which they took into Consideration and after some Debater
Resolvd, That i is the opinanr of this Come that ie for the Iucere of as Resolv'd, That it is the opinion of this Court that is for the Interest  of this Comp.^a[ Company]
to purchas the ₤170,000 Soull Ba Stock remaining in the hands of the phc to purchase the ₤170,000 South  Sea  Stock remaining in the hands of the publick
Resoled, Hatitis the Opincor of this Cout that the Matod f arden Resolv'd, That it is  the Opinion of this Court that the Method of purchasing
the said Stock be by taking at par the said £93,000 presently And the other the said Stock be by taking at par the said £93,000 presently And the other
£77,000 at 3 mon at the same price £77,000 at 3 mon at the same price
eoled Resolv'd
Thae if te Egal be csped by the Gareuen the han That  if this Proposal be accepted by the Government the same&
laid be fore a General Court for their Consent laid before a General Court for their Consent
2 And