173. 173.
Ordered, that wery office & cleck in the Companys sevrae give norce Ordered, that every officer & clerk in the Company's service give notice
within one Month, it any of their securityes dye or fail, to the Comittee of House & Sewants within one Month, if any of their secureityes dye or fail, to the Comittee of House & Servants
and within the same time propor other in their Room, which if they neglect to do, that and within the same time propose others in their Room, which if they neglect to do, that
they be suspended they be suspended.
The Minures of the Comittee of Shiping of the 6. Instant were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 6. Instant were read & agreed to.
Ordered Ordered,
That the Tracsfee Books of this Company be Shult the 23d Instant & That the Transfer Books of this Company be Shutt the 23.^th Instant &
opened the 10 Feby next and that the same be advatised in the Gaecte accordingly opened the 10. Feb.^ry next and that the same be advertised in the Gazett accordingly
Ordered, That the Court be Sumond to wait on and Congrarulate Mr MeCien Ordered, That the Court be Sumond to wait on and Congratulate Mr Melhuen
on his Safe Arrival from Spain and in the name of the Caut thank him for the good on his Safe Arrival from Spain and in the name of the Court thank him for the good
Servies he has done the Company Servises he has done the Company.
Aajo Adjo:^d
Friday 9 December 1715 Friday .9. December. 1715
A a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors.
Present Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
Mr Astell Mr. Astell         
Mr Tacobeen Mr. Jacobson
Mr Eyles Mr. Eyles
Mr Blunt Mr. Blunt
Mr Toye Mr. Joye
Mr Fellowll Mr. Fellowes
So. Lambert Blackwell Sr. Lambert Blackwell
Sr. Hare Master Sr. Harc^t Master
Mr Houlditch Mr. Houlditch
Mr Page Mr. Page
Mr Caswall Mr. Caswall
Mr Hamond Mr. Hamond
Coll Claymond Coll.^o Raymond
Mr Hawes Mr. Hawes
Sr. William Chapman Sr. William Chapman
Mr Read Mr. Read
Mr Hays Mr. Hays
Mr Durley Mr. Durley
Mr Tawbridge Mr. Sawbridge
Mr Horsey Mr. Horsey
Mr Delaporte Mr. Dela porte.
Sr Theo: Sansen Sr. Theo: Janssen
Mr Townshend Mr. Townshend
an f h a astare and The minutes of the last court were read,
The Minuta of the Committee of Mising of Yareday wee read and agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of Yesterday were read and agreed to,
The The