234 234
Mr Knight acquainted the Court that he had reced from the Mr Knight acquainted the Court that he had reced from the
Treasurer of the Navy ninety three thousand pounds to complear of Treasurer of the Navy ninety three thousand pounds to compleat the
Quarters Interest due to the Company at Lady day last Quarters Interest due to the Company at Lady day last
Ordered. That Mr Knight pay the said Ninchy thre thowsan Ordered. That Mr Knight pay the said Ninty threr thousand
pounds to the Bank of England in discharge of part of what is dut pounds to the Bank of England in discharge of part of what is due from
the Company to them the Company to them.
Ordered. That it se referd to the Comitte of Migging to hat same Ordered. That it se referd to the Comitte of Shipping to treat & agree
for Two Large ships capable of carrying 5. or 600 Regroes each, but to for Two Large ships capable of carrying 5. or 600 Negroes each, but to
carry 300 each forthwith to go to Buenos Ayres carry 300 each forthwith to go to Buenos Ayres
Ordered That it be referrd to the said Comittee likewise to treat negre Ordered That it be referr'd to the said Comittee likewise to treat & agree
for a ship of 150 pins to carry Stores. Cloaths &c to Buenos Ayres for a ship of 150 tuns to carry Stores. Cloaths &C.^a to Buenos Ayres
Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Buying & shipping to wa Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Buying & shipping to [?]
of and prepare a proper Cargoe for the said ship of and prepare a proper Cargoe for the said ship.
Ordered. That it be referd to the Comittee of Shipping to an Ordered. That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping to [?]
the Draught of the River of Plate hanging up in the Court romn the Draught of the River of Plate hanging up in the Court room
to be engraved & printed in order to the delivering one to the Comis to be engraved & printed in order to the delivering one to the Comand.
of each ship going there for their Information. of each ship going there for their Information.
Adj. Adj.^d