495 495
Tuesday 25 January 1714 Tuesday 25 January 1714
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Duley Mr Duley
Mr Acton Mr Acton
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr Gore Mr Gore
Sr. Sawl Clarke Sr. Sawl Clarke
Mr Hamoud Mr Hamoud
Sr. Wm Chapman Sr. Wm Chapman
Mr Huldech Mr Huldech
Sr Theo. Tansen Sr Theo. Tansen
Mr Cawvall Mr Cawvall
Sr. Rloph Desbouverie Sr. Rloph Desbouverie
Sr. Jno Lambert Sr. Jno Lambert
Sr. James Dolliffe Sr. James Dolliffe
Sr. H. Madter Sr. H. Madter
Mr Tench Mr Tench
The Munures of the lact Coutwere read and there of the Count the 1t Instai The Minutes of the last Court were read and there of the Court the 11th Instant
The Munuces of the Committee of Brying & Shiping of the 13th Inctant were read The Mintues of the Committee of Buying & Shiping of the 13th Instant were read
& agraed to. & agreed to.
The Munutes of the Couisice of Shiping of the 14. 18 21 & 24 Incrant ixceread The Mintues of the Commitee of Shiping of the 14. 18 21 & 24 Instant were read
and Agreed co, Except that part relating to the Letter from Capt Dover & Mr Martyn and Agreed to, Except that part relating to the Letter from Cap.^t Dover & Mr Martyn
Indend Ordered
That the Secretary write an Anwer to the said Letter and acquaint That the Secretary write an Answer to the said Letter and acquaine
them that the subject of the said Letter being the Business of Capt. Parrington, this them that the subject of the said Letter being the Business of Cap^t. Parrington, this
Court do not think pop to do any thing thereon Court do not think proper to do any thing thereon
The Mucutes of the Committee of Accompts of the 18 & 24 Iustaict, were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Committee of Accompts of the 18 & 24 Instant, were read & agreed to
Ordered That the form of the Ubuants for the Durdend due at Ainas last be Ordered That the form of the Warrant  for the Dividend due at Xmas last be
according to that for the 3d Dirdend, to be paid the 25 Febry nexr according to that for the 3.d Dividend, to be paid the 25 Feb.^ry next
A Letter from Dr Dover & Mr Martin Dared in the Downs the 24th Irulaut A Letter from Dr. Dover & Mr. Martin Dated in the Downs the 24th Irulaut
were read. were read.
theth th th
The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 15 & 18. Inctant were read, The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 15th & 18.th Instant were read,
Ordered Thae atlanane be uad at ao Mrasel for £103 10 forla Ordered That a Warrant  be made out to  Mr. Astell for £103 10 for bees
402 Wax