44 174
take to his Assistance be desired to Endeavor to Obtain An aunou from my take to his Assistance be desired to Endeavour to Obtain An answer from my L^d [Lord]
Frear to the said Memorial as soon as possible Trear to the said Memorial as soon as possible.
Resolved. Resolved,
That it be recomended to the Comittee of Duying to movde with all That it be recomended to the Comittee of Buying to provide with all
Convenient speed the Cargoes for the 2 Liceused ship of 600. Trus each Convenient speed the Cargoes for the 2 Licensed ship of 600. Tuns each
that they may be put on board as soon as the Slips shall be ready to receive that they may be put on board as soon as the Ships shall be ready to recieve -
the same and in Case in order to compleat an affortunnt of the said Cargor any the same and in Case in order to compleat an assortment of the said Cargoes any -
Goodd should be required to be taken out of the Auglesea a Warwick, that it be Goods should be required to be taken out of the Anglesea a Warwick, that it be -
referred to the Comnttee of Steping to give directions for taking out the same referred to the Comittee of Sleeping to give directions for taking out the same -
accordingly accordingly
Ordered Ordered
That it be refered to the Comittee of the Assecnts to Consider what That it be referrd to the Comittee of the Assiento to Consider what -
Officers are necessary to go to America in the Companys Sevice and their Officers are necessary to go to America in the Companys Service and their
respective Sallarys respective Sallarys.
Ne Minches of te Comte of he Feasiny of he 23 24. 25. his day The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury of he 23. 24. 25.^th this day
were read and agreed to were read and agreed to ,
Ordered Ordered ,
Tothe Casi ahe ae aceary afor the Corpingy last That the Cashier take in no more money upon the Companys Bonds -
than on such as au already sealed, til fuather order than on such as as already sealed, 'til further order .
Recolved Resolved ,
That this day Senuight the Court take into Consideracon the settling That this day Sennight the Court take into Consideracon the settling
the allowances to the Directors at Conts & Comittees the allowances to the Directors at Courts & Comittees .
Me minites of the Committee of Duying of the 24. 26. & 29 Inchant The  minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 24 26. & 29^th Instant.
wrre read and agreed to, were read and agreed to,
Me Minte of the Comte of Accomps of he 24 29t Instantwere The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 24 & 29.^th Instant were
read and aged to read and agreed to ,
The The    .