258 258
who filled up the Blanks in the new Treaty relating to the re who filled up the Blanks in the new Treaty relating to the assiento
according to the resolution of the said Court according to the resolution of the said Court.
A Letter from Mr Shorssgood to the Depts Governour dated at A Letter from Mr. Thorowgood to the Dep.^ts Governour dated at
Mexico the 4th March last inclosing the copies of Two Letters herase Mexico the 4.^th March last inclosing the copies of Two Letters he wrote
to the Factory at Vera Cruz was read to the Factory at Vera Cruz was read.
The minutes of the Comittee of Shipping of the 12th & 14t Tnt wea The minutes of the Comittee of Shipping of the 12.^th & 14.^th Inst were
Read & agreed to Read & agreed to
Ordered That ₤100 be Imprest to Captn Sesson on account of the Ordered That ₤100 be Imprest to Capt.^n Sesson on account of (him?)
& Paraquay brought home on his own account which is now into & Paraquay brought home on his own account which is now into
Companys Warehouses and the said Imprest was signed in Court Companys Warehouses and the said Imprest was signed in Court
Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping to consiti Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping to consider
of what may be proper to be allowed the Captn of the ships that he of what may be proper to be allowed the Capt.^n of the ships that he
be hired by the Company for the Coast of a frica in Lieu of the pr be hired by the Company for the Coast of africa in Lieu of the prank
adventure hitherto allowed. adventure hitherto allowed.
The Court agreed to a Letter to be wrote to the Rt Honle Mr Seery The Court agreed to a Letter to be wrote to the Rt Hon.^ble Mr Seery
Sanhope under the Seal of the Company, signifying the Companys Sanhope under the Seal of the Company, signifying the Companys
Convention Treaty Convention Treaty
acceptance of the new Convention relating to the Assients and to she acceptance of the new Convention relating to the Assiento and to said
accepted Convention Treaty accepted
thanks to His Majesty for his Interposition in the said Affair thanks to His Majesty for his Interposition in the said Affair
Ordered. That the Seal of the Company be affed to the d lites Ordered. That the Seal of the Company be affix'd to the sd letters
Ordered That Captn Bound give in writing to the Committee Ordered That Capt.^n Bound give in writing to the Committee
of shipping the reasons of the Damage of the Hides on boars nis of shipping the reasons of the Damage of the Hides on board his
Mig ship
Ordered That the Signing of the Imprest of ₤1000 mestoned Ordered That the Signing of the Imprest of ₤1000 mentioned
the Minutes of the Comittee of Shipping to the Ownees of the the Minutes of the Comittee of Shipping to the Owners of the
Curope be adjourned to Wednesday next Europe be adjourned to Wednesday next
The Minutes of the Comittee of Correpondence of the 1. n The Minutes of the Comittee of Correpondence of the 13.^th Inst
were read. were read.
Ortered Ortered