387 387
Me Miane of he Conte f aecen t f to r en ne ne e e The Minutes of the Comittee  of Accompts  of the 10^th instant were read  
And the Account of the Allowances to the Diectors for one year Ending the 7t Inspa And the Account of the Allowances to the Directors for one year Ending the 7.^th Instant
Amounting to £4760. 11.1. Netmaney having pait the said Comittee, were laid by the Amounting to £4760. 11.1. New money having pact the said Comittee, were laid before
the Court for payment the Court for payment.
Ordered That a Wanant be segnd for payment of the said Allawances And asaton Ordered That a Warrant be signd for payment of the said Allowances An^o as atofors.^d
to £4760.11-1. And the same was Segud accordingly mn Court to £4760.11-1. And the same was Signd accordingly in Court
A Bill for service by Several Clerks on Account of the Subscripcons Amc to £54 heai A Bill for service by Several Clerks on Account of the Subscripcons Am^o to £ 54 . having
pait the Comittee of Accompts was laid before the Count for payment, pait the Comittee of Accompts was laid before the Court for payment,
Ordered that aWarraut be segnd for payment of the sd. Account Am as aforesd Ordered that a Warrant be signd for payment of the s^d. Account Am^o as afore s^d to _____
£54: And the same was signd accordingly in Court £54: And the same was signd accordingly in Court.
The Munutes of the Comittee of the assiense of the 10t Instaute were read The Minutes of the Comittee of the assiento of the 10^th Instant were read,
The Minutes of the Countree to attend Council of the 6 & wth Intant, were ned The Minutes of the Comitee to attend Council of the 6 & 10^th   Intant, were read
and Agred o and Agreed to,
Ordered that it be refend to the said Comittee to revise the Deafts of the Assiguent Ordered that it be referrd to the said Comittee to revise the Drafts of the Assigment
of the Assentce And the Companys Reasiguincnt to Mr Gilligan of the Assiento And the Companys Reasignment to Mr Gilligan .
Ordered that when the Aubitration Bonds are approod of by the Apican Company Ordered that when the Arbitration Bonds are approvd of by the African Company___
that the Comnttee of the Teary affix the seal of the Company thereoo that the Comittee of the Freary affix the seal of the Company thereto .
the Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 6t Instane were read & agreed to the Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 6^th Instant were read & agreed to
Ordered that the timely shiping of the spice upon which the Drawbect And Ordered that the timely shiping of the spice upon which the Draw back Am^o
to £1986 Expires the 19th Inctout be refered to the Comittee of shiping Soa that to £1986__ Expires the 19.^th Instant be referrd to the Comittee of shiping So as  that
the Company may have Re benefit thereof the Company may have the benefit thereof .
A letter from Capt Sam Vincene of his Majies Ship the Elizabeth of the 7t hurant A letter from Cap^t Sam:^l buicent of his Majties Ship the Elizabeth of the 7^th  instant
desring that Lockst Tarparwlings be sent him in orderto Secure the Compa desiring that Locks & Tasparwlings be sent him in order to Secure the Compa.Y
Goods on lavd the said Tnp was read Goods on board the said ship was read,
Ordered that the said Letter be referd to the Committee of Shiping And that heyto Ordered that the said Letter be referrd to the Committee of Shiping And that they do
therein as they see ft, Colhas to that ship or any other of the Companys Amps which therein as they see fit, both as to that ship or any other of the Companys ships which,
hall want them Shall want them .
A Letter from Mr Burchett Secretary to the Lords of the Admnralty of the . Iutaet A Letter from M.^r Burchett Secretary to the Lords of the Admiralty of the .7 ^th  Instant
was read Importing that their Excells the Lords Justices had seguped theis pleasure was read Importing that their Excells the Lords Justices had signped their pleasure
to the Lords of the Admiralty, that all the 4 Ships desoud on the Sevace of the Camp to the Lords of the Admiralty, that all the 4 Ships designd on the Service of the Camp
be forth with Sent to the Downs without removing the Goods out of the Englesay lnd be forth with Sent to the Downs without removing the Goods out of the angle sey  & [instan]
Sio Ins___
into the two third rates into the two third rates.