222 222
Ordered. That the Committee of the Treasury wait on the Lords of the Ordered. That the Committee of the Treasury wait on the Lords of the
Treasury, and acquaint their Lop with the said Resolutions Treasury, and acquaint their Lo^t with the said Resolutions
A Letter from Captn Herle of the Wilshire Frigat dated at Dover t A Letter from Capt^n Herle of the Wilshire Frigot dated at Dover the
19th. Instant giving an account of his arival from Buenos Ayres with of 19th. Instant giving an account of his arrival from Buenos Ayres with of
was read. was read.
Ordered. That the Scrtary wnte to the nd Cept. That he fortiathon Ordered. That the Secretary write to the said Capt^n. That he forth with come
up the River up the River
f Letter from the Factory at Buenor Ayres dated the 13th Samylet A Letter from the Factory at Buenos Ayres dated the 13th Samy^ lost
with several Papers inclosed was read. with several Papers inclosed was read.
Ordered That the said Letter be referrd to the Committee of Conresponei Ordered That the said Letter be referr'd to the Committee of Correspondance
and the Papers to the Proper Comittees and the Papers to the Proper Comittees
Another Letter from them dated the 10th of the same Month adering Another Letter from them dated the 10th of the same Month admining
having drawn a Bill of Exchange for Twelve pounds Seven shillings having drawn a Bill of Exchange for Twelve pounds Seven shillings
payable to John Burnet Surgeon of the Wilshire Frigat for headmong payable to John Burnet Surgeon of the Wilshire Frigat for head money
was read, was read,
Ordered that the same be referd to the Comtles of Siging inae Ordered that the same be referr'd to the Comittee of Siging in order
to the Examining whether so much is due to him to the Examining whether so much is due to him
A Letter from Dr. Dover dated the 10th January last desring me A Letter from Dr. Dover dated the 10th January last desring some
Medicines may be sent by the first opportunity was read Medicines may be sent by the first opportunity was read
Ordered That it be referrd to the Comittee of Shipping to pronce Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping to provide
the said Medicines the said Medicines
Ordered. That it be referrd to the said Comittee to cause the Se Ordered. That it be referr'd to the said Comittee to cause the Slides
on board the Wilshire Frigat to be Entred & unladed in Order to thei on board the Wilshire Frigot to be Entred & unladed in Order to their
being sold with those brought by the William & Sarah being sold with those brought by the William & Sarah
The Minutes of the Comittee of Skipping of the 19th Intant wer The Minutes of the Comittee of Shipping of the 19th Instant were
read & agreed to read & agreed to.
Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Shipping to guve de Ordered That it be referr'd to the Committee of Shipping to give [de]
to the Company's Husband to go on board the Wilthire Frigat, and tan to the Company's Husband to go on board the Wilthire Frigot, and [tan]
she is storved, and to take into his Custody what Goods t Merchand, f she is storved, and to take into his Custody what Goods & Merchand, [ ]
on board her on board her
Adj. Adj.