Friday 12 February 1713 Friday 12.^th February 1713
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Sub Governor The Sub Governor
Mr Hamored Mr. Hamored
Mr Astell Mr. Astell
Mr Acton Mr. Acton
Mr Houlditch Mr.Houlditch
Sr. Jno Lambert Sr. Jno Lambert
Mr Clunt Mr. Blunt
Sr. Joseph Martin Sr. Joseph Martin
Mr Chapman Mr. Chapman
Mr Master Mr. Master
Mr Caswall Mr. Caswall
Sr. Saml Ougley Sr. Sam.^l Ongley
Sr Mr Desbouveile Sr. Mr Desbouverie
Mr Reynolds Mr.Reynolds
Mr Dolliffe Mr. Dolliffe
Mr Tench Mr.Fench
Mr Durley Mr. Durley
Mr Vorsion Mr. Vorsion
Mr Fellowes Mr. Fellowes
Sr. Jno Williams Sr. Jn.^o Williams
e Miunites of the last Court wee read The Minutes of the last Court were read
The sud Gov acquainted the Court, that the Occasion of Calling than together this day The Sub Gov.^er acquainted the Court, that the Occasion of Calling them together this day
was Upon Receipt of a Letter from my Lord Doling broke of Yesterdays Dote, which was Upon Receipt of a Letter from my Lord Boling broke of yesterdays Date, which
an ead. was read.
Then the said Letter was read again Enagraph by Daragraph Then the said Letter was read again Paragraph by Paragraph
Resolved Nemine Contradicute Resolved, Nemine Contradicute
That a General Court be called to meet on Thursday the 18th Instant at 11 in the That a General Court be called to meet on Thursday the 18.^th Instant at 11 in the
Forenoon at Merchant Tailors Hall, upon the Aftair of the assiginment of the Assicnts Forenoon at Merchant Tailors Hall, upon the Affair of the assiginment of the Assiento
Contract Unless my Lord Treasurer shall be pleased to appoint Some other day. Contract Unless my Lord Treasurer shall be pleased to appoint Some other day.
And tlhat publick notice be given thereof in the two succeeding Garettes, that it is upon And that publick notice be given thereof in the two succeeding Garettes, that it is upon
Special Affairs and that the Deputy Govern Mr Dolliffe McHoulditch Mr Vesson Special Affairs and that the Deputy Govern.^er Mr. Dolliffe McHoulditch Mr. Vesson
Sd Saml Ougley & Mr Chassman or any three of them be desired to attend his Lords S.^d Sam.l Ougley & Mr Chapman or any three of them be desired to attend his Lords
to know his pleasure when the General Court Shall be called for that purpose to know his pleasure when the General Court Shall be called for that purpose
And that the said Comittee likewis eattend my Lord Bolingbroke and acquaint his And that the said Comittee likewiseattend my Lord Bolingbroke and acquaint his
Lords (teat the sud Goo had received his Lettee of Yesterday, and had thereupon called Lords (that the sud Gov.^er had received his Letter of Yesterday, and had thereupon called
a Court of Directors this day to consider thereof And that the Court of Drectors head a Court of Directors this day to consider thereof And that the Court of Directors had
Agred Agreed