240 240
The Committee appointed by the last Court having drawn yo a Relue The Committee appointed by the last Court having drawn up a Resolution
for dividing stock among the Proprietors for the Dividends dueat Mish for dividing stock among the Proprietors for the Dividends [?] Mids^r
and Christmas Rext the same was laid before the Court, Read & aggrean and Christmas Rext the same was laid before the Court, Read & approved
Ordered that the same be laid before the General Court for their Ordered that the same be laid before the General Court for their
approbation approbation
Then the Court adjourned, and went into the General Court. Then the Court adjourned, and went into the General Court.
And being returned And being returned
The Sub Governour reported to the Court That the said Resle The Sub Governour reported to the Court That the said Resolution
had been laid before the General Court, and approved Nemine Contratn had been laid before the General Court, and approved [?] [?]
A Letter from Mr Carkess Scceetary to the Comrs. of the Customs te A Letter from Mr Carkess Secretary to the Com^rs. of the Customs [?]
the 16th Instant was read desiring to know what prices are paid by the the 16th Instant was read desiring to know what prices are paid by the
(Company for the Several sorts of Stationary wares and whether the (Company for the Several sorts of Stationary wares and whether the [?]
are under Contract for the same. are under Contract for the same.
Ordered That the Secretary write to Mr Carhless and Inform Ordered That the Secretary write to Mr Carkess and Inform
him in what he desires. him in what he desires.
A Letter from Captn. John Dorril of the Ship Catherine dated the A Letter from Capt^n. John Derril of the Ship Catherine dated the
day, advising his Intention to sail from Gravesend the 27d Inct Vay day, advising his Intention to sail from Gravesend the 27th [Inct Vay]
the time limitted for that purpose unless the Company give orders to the the time limitted for that purpose unless the Company give orders to the
contrary, was read contrary, was read
Ordered That the Cashier pay off and discharge all such of the Cenp Ordered That the Cashier pay off and discharge all such of the Company
Bonds as shall fall due on or before the 1d July next Bonds as shall fall due on or before the 1st July next
And that an Advertigement to that purpose be inserted in the Gayle And that an Advertigement to that purpose be inserted in the Gazette
tomorrow & Tuesday tomorrow & Tuesday
Ordered That the Committee of Treasurey see what bonds fall de o Ordered That the Committee of Treasury see what bonds fall due 
or before the said 1t July and consider & provide in the most prlf or before the said 1st July and consider & provide in the most proper
methods for discharging the same. methods for discharging the same.
Adj. Adj^d.