304 304
Resolved That the memorial to be sent to the Court of Spain Resolved That the memorial to be sent to the Court of Spain
concerning the seizure of the Company's Goods on board the Bedford, be concerning the seizure of the Company's Goods on board the Bedford, be
forwarded by Express, and that the Comittee of Correspondence meet forwarded by Express, and that the Comittee of Correspondence meet
this afternoon to prepare the same this afternoon to prepare the same
Ordered That a Court be held on Friday next 10 Clock in order to Ordered That a Court be held on Friday next 10 Clock in order to
dispatch the said memorial dispatch the said memorial
Ordered That it be Referd to the Comittee of Buying to lay before Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Comittee of Buying to lay before
the Court as soon as conveniently they can, a proper largoe for the the Court as soon as conveniently they can, a proper Cargoe for the
annual ship. annual ship.
Letters from Mr. Bowles dated the 17th & 24th Instant were head Letters from M^r. Bowles dated the 17^th & 24^th Instant were Read
Ordered That the said Letters be referrd to the Committee of Ordered That the said Letters be referr'd to the Comittee of
Correspondence. Correspondence.
Ordered That the Cashier accept & pay the Bill of Exchange for Ordered That the Cashier accept & pay the Bill of Exchange for
122810 at 492 p pd of t payable to Mr Samuel Pit mentioned in 1223  2/10 at 49 1/2 p pd of 8/8 payable to M^r Samuel Pit mentioned in
his said Letter his said Letter
Letter from Mr Peter Mentinck & Son dated at Amsterdam the Letter from M^r Peter Mentinck & Son dated at amsterdam the
1st September ns was read 1^st September ns was read
Ordered That the said Letter be referd to the Comittee of Ordered That the said Letter be refer'd to the Comittee of
Correspondence Correspondence
The Secretary acquainted the Court that he had enquired after The Secretary acquainted the Court that he had enquired after
Polder Perrike maker popord Polder Peruke maker proposed
Mr St: Caig Merchant and Mr M^r St: Caig Merchant and M^r
Motley and Mr Barefoot Motley and M^r Barefoot
as Secuaity for Dr. Douglass, Mr as Security for D^r. Douglass, M^r
Apothecary for Mr John Burnet and is informed they are men of apothecary for M^r John Burnet and is informed they are men of
Repute & Substance and they were approved of Repute & Substance and they were approved of.
Ordered That Imprest Warrants be signed for Fifty pounds ad Ordered That Imprest Warrants be signed for Fifty pounds each
for Fresh Provisions and others for Sixty pounds Ten shillings for as for Fresh Provisions and others for Sixty ^two pounds Ten shillings for as
Quarters Salary to each, but not delivered to them, till they and their Quarters Salary to each, but not delivered to them, till they and their
Securities have signed their bonds. Securities have signed their bonds.
Ordered Ordered