Treasury Treasury
Acco & House & Serv: Acco & House & Serv:
The Sub Govern The Sub Govern
Mr Wm. Astcl Mr Wm. Astcl
The D. of Argile The D. of Argile
Mr Geo: Caswel Mr Geo: Caswel
OD OD
Sr. Lamb Blackwell Sr. Lamb Blackwell
M. Leb Delaport M. Leb Delaport
M Danl Hays M Danl Hays
Mo. Geo: Pett Mo. Geo: Pett
M. Harves M. Harves
Mr. Aonb Clage Mr. Aonb Clage
Sr. Theo Sanssen Sr. Theo Sanssen
Mr Sam Dread Mr Sam Dread
M Jacob Jacobson M Jacob Jacobson
Mr Hor Townshend Mr Hor Townshend
M Jacob Lawbridge M Jacob Lawbridge
Correspondence Correspondence
Mr Chester Mr Chester
The Sub Govr The Sub Govr
Sr. Wm. Chapman Sr. Wm. Chapman
The Dy Govern The Dy Govern
M Fellows M Fellows
M. Asccl M^r. Astel
Sr. Theo Sanssen Sr. Theo Sanssen
Sr. Lamb Blackwell Sr. Lamb Blackwell
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr. Reba Mr. Reba
Aeolved Resolved
That 4o be a Lurum of each Commitee and that the Sub That 4 be a Lurum of each Commitee and that the Sub
& Dy Govd be of all Commitces & Summoned Shereunto & D^ty [Deputy] Gov:^r be of all Commitces & Summoned Shereunto
Repolved Resolved
That a Court of Directors be held every Wednesday at That a Court of Directors be held every Wednesday at
10-11 without Summoning, and that they be Summoned to meet at 10-11 without Summoning, and that they be Summoned to meet at
all other times whenever the Sub Govr or Dry Govr. shall think proper to all other times whenever the Sub Govr or D^ty [Deputy] Gov^r.[Governor] shall think proper to
appoint appoint
solved That the Charter of this Company under the Great Secal Resolved That the Charter of this Company under the Great Seal
and the several Commiss for taking in Subscriptions be Committed to and the several Commiss^on for taking in Subscriptions be Committed to
the care of the Committee of the Treasury to be Lockt up in the the care of the Committee of the Treasury to be Lockt up in the
Fron Chest with the Seal of the Company Fron Chest with the Seal of the Company
The Several Standing Orders of the last Court of Directors wererled The Several Standing Orders of the last Court of Directors were read
and with some Amendments Agreed to And and with some Amendments Agreed to And