165 165
Ednesday 30 Novr 1715 Wednesday 30 Nov.^r 1715
Te a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Presents Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
The Depty Governour The Dep.^ty Governour
Mr Hays Mr. Hays
Mr Eyles Mr. Eyles
Mr Astell Mr. Astell
Mr. Fellowes Mr. Fellowes
Mr Hossey Mr. Hossey
Mr Blunt Mr. Blunt
Mr Gibbon Mr. Gibbon
Mr Tacobsen Mr. Jacobsen
Sr. Lamb Blackwell Sr. Lamb Blackwell
Mr Houlditch Mr. Houlditch
Sr Wm Chapman Sr. W.^m Chapman
Mr Page Mr. Page
Mr Hamond Mr. Hamond
Mr Chester Mr. Chester
Coll Raymond Coll.^o Raymond
Mr Delaporte Mr. Delaporte
Mr Hawes Mr.Hawes
Mr Read Mr. Read .
M Minutes of the las Caue were read The Minutes of the last Court were read
The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 29 Instant were read and Agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 29 Instant were read and Agreed to.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Conespondence of the 2425 V29 Instant with the Letter The Minutes of the Comittee of Correspondence of the 24. 25. &29 Instant with the Letter
prepared by the Comittee to the Companys Tnctors at Cartagoua were read and with an Addition prepared by the Comittee to the Companys Fractors at Carthagena were read and with an Addition
to the Letter agreed w to the Letter agreed to.
Ordered, Wat the said Letter be now Signed and it was segned in Caust accordingly Ordered, that the said Letter be now Signed and it was signed in Court accordingly
A Letter from Mc Mardi Dated at Madred the 18th Furan RS was read A Letter from M.^r Uzandi Dated at Madrid the 18.^th instant N S was read.
A Letter from Mr Bowles of the same date was read A Letter from Mr Bowles of the same date was read,
A Letter from Messrs Thompson Monis & Pratter Dated at Jamaica the 3 Sept. A Letter from Mess.^rs Thompson Morris & Pratter Dated at Jamaica the 3^d Sept.
larwas road last was read:
Mwhich Letters were referred to the Committee of Conespondence All which Letters were referrd to the Committee of Correspondence
The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treary of this day were read The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treary of this day were read,
Ordered Thae Mr Gibbon be desined o got the Debencues for Drowback of Good Ordered, That M.^r Gibbon be desired to get the Debentures for Drawback of Goods
on