166 166
for America) which the Royal apsican Company agree to Provided the South Sea for America) which the Royal african Company agree to Provided the South Sea
Company receide from then other demands Company receide from their other demands.
and the Court having debated thereupon, the Genstlemen were called in and and the Court having debated thereupon, the Gentlemen were called in and
acquainted that his Company cannot recese from the liberty of Punchasing acquainted that this Company cannot recede from the liberty of Punchasing
Regives in the manner already told them Nor allow them more than 20 days Negroes in the manner already told them Nor allow them more than 20 days
Demorage upon the Coast of Apica, Demorage upon the Coast of Africa,
and then the Gartlemen waldrew, and being returned Mr. Pindar acquainted and then the Gentlemen withdrew, and being returned Mr. Pindar acquainted
the Court That they were willing to accept of 25 days demorage; and being the Court That they were willing to accept of 25 days demorage; and being
willdrawn. The Coust Coundad thereof. And they were calld in again withdrawn. The Court Considerd thereof. And they were calld in again
and acquainted by the Sul Gov. that they cannot allow more than 20 and acquainted by the Sub Gov^r. that they cannot allow more than 20
day demorage on the Coast of Apica; whereupon the Casference brake days demorage on the Coast of Africa; whereupon the Conference brake
Ten the Cout proceded to other Buissess and the Minutes of Then the Court proceded to other Buissess and the Minutes of
the last Court were read, the last Court were read,
Resolved. Resolved.
That a General Court be calld to meet at Merchant Tailors That a General Court be caled to meet at Merchant Tailors
Hall, on Wednewday the 23 Justant at 11 in the Forenoon, being One of Hall, on Wednesday the 23 instant at 11 in the Forenoon, being One of
the Half yearly Courts appointed by the Charter and abo to chose a Comittee the Half yearly Courts appointed by the Charter and also to chose a Comittee
of Seven to Inpect the Pylaws and that an advatisenent accordingly be of Seven to Inpect the by laws and that an advetisement accordingly be
inserted in the Gaxettes of Saturday & Tuedday next inserted in the Gazettes of Saturday & Tuesday next.
Te minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 8t. Instant were lead The minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 8th. Instant were read
and agreed to and agreed to,
Ordered Ordered,
That the Comittee of Shiping be desired to take up Ships for That the Comittee of Shiping be desired to take up Ships for
Carrying on the Tade to apica & America Carrying on the Tade to africa & America
Ordered Ordered
That an Imprect warcant be segned for Paying £1278:2:7 That an Imprect warrant be signed for Paying £1278:2:7^d
to the Proprietors of the John & Elzabeth from the East Iudies for Goods to the Proprietors of the John & Elizabeth from the East Iudies for Goods
bo to