292 292
Ordered That the Chorie of a President for Buenos Ayres which was Ordered That the Choice of a President for Buenos Ayres which was
appointed for this day sevenight be adjourned till this day fortnight. appointed for this day sevenight be adjourned till this day fortnight.
A Letter from Mr. Bowles dated at Madrid the 3d Instant was read A Letter from Mr. Bowles dated at Madrid the 3d Instant was read
and Referr'd to the Comittee of Correspondence and Referr'd to the Comittee of Correspondence
Ordered That it be Referrd to the Comittee of Correspondence to prege Ordered That it be Referrd to the Comittee of Correspondence to prepare
a Letter to madrid relating to the Complaint of the Spanich Officers ar a Letter to madrid relating to the Complaint of the Spanich Officers at
st the overgles Tonage ab.^t the over plus Tonage
Carthagena of the Overplu Finage of the Bldford and the Severalpega Carthagena of the Overplus Tunage of the Bedford and the Several paper
of the Reoprd of the Bedford
that have been transmitted from the Spanish Weit Indies upon Procefer that have been transmitted from the Spanish West Indies upon Processes
thene. there
Ordered That it be Referd to the Committee of the Treasury to Ordered That it be Referd to the Committee of the Treasury to
Provide money forthwith at Madnd to pay the Several Assignment from Provide money forthwith at Madrid to pay the Several Assignment from
te of Jpins ffigment K of Spains Assigments
to be paid to be paid
the King of Sprin on the Company the King of Spain on the Company
Ordered. That Sr. John Eyles be at Liberty to continue the Ordered. That Sr. John Eyles be at Liberty to continue the
Companys ond to him of Thirty thousand pounds which is now Companys Bond to him of Thirty thousand pounds which is now
ir. Soh lCgl. Sir. John Eyles
the Cos Rond to him for the Co.^s Bond to him for
Eewr contined thin) become payable for 6 Months at Four Pounds Psent. 30,000 continued to him ] become payable for 6 Months at Four Pounds P[ per ] cent.
Ordered That the Comittee of the Treasury be empower'd to Ordered That the Comittee of the Treasury be empower'd [ empowered]to
continue Bonds or to Borrow Money on bond payable in Six or Twelve continue Bonds or to Borrow Money on bond payable in Six or Twelve
lover to the Comr. of Lany Power to the com.^ee of Treary
to Raise Money to Raise Money
months at Four pounds & Cent. months at Four pounds & Cent.
The minites of the Committee of Ouying of the 7th. Inct. werens The minites of the Committee of Buying of the 7th. Inct. were read 
and agreed to and agreed to
The Minutes of the Committee of Accounts of the 2d Inct: were head The Minutes of the Committee of Accounts of the 2d Inct: were head
& Agreed unto & Agreed unto
The following Warrants having passd the Proper Comittees sua The following Warrants having passd the Proper Comittees were
Laid before the Court for Payment dizt. Laid before the Court for Payment Viz^t.
£85:9:- £85:9:-
To John Hear To John Hoar
for Beans &c for Beans &c
30:11:- 30:11:-
To Sherman Gottrey To Sherman Godtrey
Malt Spirits Malt Spirits
83:7:- 83:7:-
To Phil Sandford To Phil: [ Philip] Sandford
Tobrcco Tobacco
Medicines for the Pactory at Bayles 23 Medicines for the Factory at Bayles 23
To Isaac Masey To Isaac Massey
222:7:- 222:7:-
Carried Over Carried Over