487 487
Ordered that a Copy of the said Menorial and the papers Annexed thereo Ordered that a Copy of the said Memorial and the papers Annexed thereto
be delivered to the 6t Howble Mr Secatary Stanhope be delivered to the R^t Hon^ble Mr Secatary Stanhope
The Munutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 222330 Decr & y Sic The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 22 . 23 . 30 ^th . Dec^r & 4^th Ince^t
wrse lead and agreed to. were lead and agreed to.
The Minittes of the saie Committees of Buying and shiping of the 3d. Ineaut The Minutes of the Joint Comittees of Buying and shiping of the 3^d. Instant
were read and Agreed were read and Agreed
Ordered that Mr Bowles who is going the Companys agaie at Madd Ordered that Mr Bowles who is going the Companys agent at Made
take his passage for Spain by the firet Exporcunicy take his passage for Spain by the firet Oppertunity
the Minuces of the Countree of Accounts of the 22 paic, were read & ag to the Minutes of the Comtiee of Accounts of the 22^ part, were read & ag^d to
Mr Knight reported that he had attended the P Hauble the Lords of the Teacy Mr Knight reported that he had attended the R^t Hom^ble the Lords of the Treacy
with a Memorial desring payment of the Q. Annuity due at Kimas last and with a Memorial desring payment of the 2^d Annuity due at Ximas last and
Reartheir Lordss had orderedit in Malt Fallys that their Lord ps had ordered it in Malt Sallys
Ordered, Teat the Comitte of the Teasny doanend the Ct. Harthe the Lords Ordered, That the Comitte of the Treasury do attend the Ct. Hon^e the Lords
of the Treasury with a Memorial representing the Snasweriencies that will of the Treasury with a Memorial representing the Inconveniencie that will
attend the Company by the Payment in Male Sallys And that they move their attend the Company by the Payment in Male Sallys And that they move their
Lordps for the maney due to the Company on Account of the Subscriptions Lord ps for the money due to the Company on Account of the Subscriptions
Ordered that the Cash give Eighty Seven Guineas for New years Gifts to Ordered that the Cash^r: give Eighty Seven Guineas for New years Gifts to
the Severat Officers of the Treasury Excheg & Pay Office as was done the lact Yeare the Severlt Officers of the Treasury Excheq^r & Pay Office as was done the last Yeare
And that he give to the two Chief Clerks in the Tally Port Office Two Guineas each And that he give to the two Chief Clerks in the Tally Port Office Two Guineas each
upon serching the Tally for the Company upon sticking the Tally for the Company.
Ordered that the Secretary pay 8 in the same proporcons as was done last Ordered that the Secretary pay 8^th in the same proporcons as was done last
Year to the Doorkeepers Messengers &c of this House for their Ilmas Boe and Year to the Doorkeepers Messengers &c of this House for their Xlmas Box and
charge the same to the account of the Sellarys of the Duedors charge the same to the account of the Sallarys of the Directors
Te Miner of the Comnte of Conpordence of the 29t dee lat and the The Minutes of the Comittee of [Conpordence] of the 29^th dec^r last , and the