168 168
OO ednesday 16th September 1713 Wednesday 16th September 1713
Ht a Court of Directors A to a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Sub Gov The Sub Gov^r
The Depty Gov: The Depty Gov^r:
Mr Acton Mr Acton
Mr Houlditch Mr Houlditch
Mc Plunt Mr Plunt
Sr Theo: Tansten Sr Theo: Tansten
Mr Chapman Mr Chapman
Mc Macker Mr Macker
Mr Caswall Mr Caswall
Sr. John Lambert Sr. John Lambert
Sr Clr Desbouverie Sr Clr Desbouverie
Mr Lawbridge Mr Lawbridge
Mc Dolliffe Mr Dolliffe
McShepheard Mr Shepheard
Mc Dunley Mr Dunley
J Vernon Mr Vernon
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Sr. James Wishart Sr. James Wishart
Mr Tenche Mr Tenche
Mr Hamoud Mr Hamoud
Me Minter of Relast Count waereed, The Minter of Relast Court waere read,
Mr Casn Tear of the Navy ad before the Cout a latte from Mr. Saylan Mr Caesar Tear of the Navy ad before the Court a letter from Mr. Saylan
Dated at Windson Castle the 14 Tuct Siquitying the Lord H. Frears direcons Dated at Windson Castle the 14th Siquifying the Lord H. Frears direcons
that the sd Mr Casar be imediately permited to Subscribe the Effects in his lands that the s^d Mr Caesar be imediately permited to Subscribe the Effects in his hands
for the uis of the Publick into the stock of this Comp. pursuant to a Warrant for the uis of the Publick into the stock of this Comp^a. pursuant to a Warrant
from my Lord Trears of the 11th Sust for that purpose which Lett was read, from my Lord frears of the 11th just for that purpose which Lett^er was read,
And the sd Warrt (for Subscibing the sumd of £571402:7:1:3 for the use And the s^d Warr^t (for Subscibing the sumd of £571402:7:1:3/4 for the use
of the Publick was also read, of the Publick was also read,
Ordered Ordered
That Mr Kouight the Cackier do Peritt Mc Casar to Subcribe That Mr Knight the Cachier do Permitt Mr Caesar to Subcribe
£571402:7:12 into the stock of this Comp. for thause of the Publick £571402:7:1 3/4 into the stock of this Comp^a. for the use of the Publick
accading to the Dd. Warrt. of my L Trear of the 11th Instant And Mr Casar according to the s^d. Warrt. of my L^d frear of the 11th Instant And Mr Caesar
subraribed the same accadingly in Court subscribed the same accadingly in Court
Ordd Ord^d