Ordered, that it benefared to the Camite of Comeporud to prepere a lte Ordered, that it be referred to the Comittee of Correspond^ce to prepare a letter
to Mr Bubl upon the Matter of the aforesaid Reasons to Mr Bubb upon the Matter of the aforesaid Reasons
The Minites of the Comitte of Stiping of the 27 fact were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Comitte of Shiping of the 27th part were read & agreed to
The Minutes of the Comittee of Trenry of the 24th pact & this day were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of Treary of the 24th pact & this day were read & agreed to
Reoled Resolv'd
that it is the Opinion of this Court that the Diidend due at Pinas that it is the Opinion of this Court that the Dividend due at Xmas
last be said in Bouds to bear date the 26 Decr. at 5. P Cent, Interast payable in last be paid in Bonds to bear date the 26 Dec^r. at 5. P Cent, Interest payable in
two Years in even sums of 100 & 50 two years in even sums of 100 & 50
Ordered, That a General Court of this Company be calld io meet at this House Ordered, That a General Court of this Company be calld io meet at this House
on Weduesday the 18th Instant at 11 in the Forenoon, And that it be Advenued in on Weduesday the 18th Instant at 11 in the Forenoon, And that it be Advertised in
the Gaect as usual the Gazett as usual
A Letter from Mr Marein Moul Dated this day relating to an Irish Transport A Letter from Mr Marein Moul Dated this day relating to an Irish Transport
Debeuture Subscribd into this Company in the Name of Cllo Mercer, was read Debenture Subscribd into this Company in the name of Tho^s Mercer, was read
Ordered that the Secretary rquainte Mr. Mail thatitisno in the power of Ordered, that the Secretary acquaint Mr. Moul that it is not in the power of
this Court to relieve him therein this Court to relieve him therein
Ordered that it besefored to the Comittee of Accoupts to give Dirctions to the Ordered that it be referrd to the Comittee of Accoupts to give Directions to the
Secty to give Ao much for a Kinasbox among the mencal Servants of the Comp. Sec^ry to give so much for a Xmas box among the menial Servants of the Comp^a.
according assn done te las Year. according as was done the last year.
Ordered Ordered
That Mr Wm Singleton be permitted to make a Tranter upon That Mr. W^m Singleton be permitted to make a Tranfer upon
and Fraordiary Occasion Notwaths tanding the Books are Shutt an extraordinary Occasion notwithstanding the Books are Shutt
Ayo Adjo^d