236 236
A Letter from Mr. John Smith one of the Ouner of the Ropel A Letter from Mr. John Smith one of the Owner of the Royal
Afrea desiring that the time in the Charterparty for the said ships so Africa desiring that the time in the Charterparty for the said ships sailing
may be prolonged tll the Latterend of next week, the Capt. being oe may be prolonged till the Latter end of next week, the Capt. being very
ill was read ill was read
Ordered. That it be referd to the Comittee of Shipping to proun Ordered. That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping to prolong
the time as they shall think reasonable. the time as they , shall think reasonable.
The Minutes of the Committee of Treasury of the 15th. Instant wire The Minutes of the Committee of Treasury of the 15^th. Instant were
read & agreed to read & agreed to.
Resolved (That this Court now take into Consideration the digen Resolved That this Court now take into Consideration the disp[?]
of the Company's Stock. of the Company's Stock.
And after some debates concerning the Modus of doing it. And after some debates concerning the Modus of doing it.
Resolved. That this Court is of opinion that six P Cent for the Resolved. That this Court is of opinion that six P Cent for the
two succeding Duidends due at Midsumer & Christmas next be divite two succeeding Dividends due at Midsumer & Christmas next be divided
to the Proprietors out of the Stock the Company has in trust for the to the Proprietors out of the Stock the Company has in trust for the[?]
and that a Seheme be drawn up to be laid before the General Cour= and that a Scheme be drawn up to be laid before the General Court
for their approbation, And that the SubGovernour Deprt Governs for their approbation, And that the SubGovernour Deprt Govern^r
Sr. Pheodore Sanssen, Mr Caswall, Mr Houlditch, Mr Attell Nr. W Sr. Pheodore Iansen, Mr Caswall, Mr Houlditch, Mr Attell Nr. W
Chapman & Mr Lawbridge or any 3 prepare the said Scheme Chapman & Mr Lawbridge or any 3 prepare the said Scheme.
Ordered That a General Court be hald at thes house on Ordered That a General Court be held at this house on
Friday next at i1 clock on Special affairs and that it be then propu Friday next at 11 clock on Special affairs and that it be then propos'd
to them to divide the Stock as aforesaid, and that it be adverted to them to divide the Stock as aforesaid, and that it be advertized
in the Daily Caurant & Postman, and at the Gate of the house in the Daily Caurant & Postman, and at the Gate of the house.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 15th. Intantorn The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 15^th. Instant [?]
read and agreed except what relates to Mrs Meriam read and agreed except what relates to Mrs Meriam
Ordered, That Mrs Meriam be allowed Thuty five paund frn Ordered, That Mrs Meriam be allowed Thirty five pounds [?]
Menan Meriam
to Comence 25th March last to Comence 25^th March last
The following Warrants having passd the prover Committee, wilr The following Warrants having passd the prover Committee, were and
before the Court for Payment and signed accordingly vizt. before the Court for Payment and signed accordingly vizt.
To John Hawkins Jun^r. for guns ............................................60............
To