188 188
Kednesday 28 October 1713 Wednesday 28th October 1713
Hba Court of Directors Aca Court of Directors
Present Present
The Sub Governor The Sub Governor
Mc Astell Mr Astell
Mr Houlditch Mr Houlditch
Mr Acton Mr Acton
Sr. Jno Lambert Sr. Jn^o Lambert
Mr Plunt Mr Blunt
Sr. Josepo Martin Sr. Joseph Martin
Sr. Saml Clarke Sr. Sam^l Clarke
Mr Moore Mr Moore
Mr. Chapman Mr. Chapman
Mr Master Mr Master
Mr Canoall Mr Canoall
Sr. Saml Ongley Sr. Sam^l Ongley
Sr. Stoph Desbouverie Sr. Xtoph^r Desbouverie
Mr Sawoildol Mr Sawbridge
Mr Dolliffe Mr Dolliffe
Mr Kepleard Mr Shepheard
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Mr Vernon Mr Vernon
Mr Hamond Mr Hamond
Sr. James Wishart Sr. James Wishart
Sr. John Williams Sr. John Williams
Ml Muntes of Relart Counst were read. The Minuntes of the last Court were read.
The Minutes of the Committee of the Treasury of the 21t 23 & 2yt Instant The Minutes of the Committee of the Treasury of the 21th, 23th & 27th Instant-
were read, were read,
Resolved. Resolved.
That it be referred to the Comittee of the Treasury to take the Opinion That it be referred to the Comittee of the Treasury to take the Opinion
of the Attorney or Sollicitor General & the Companys Council, relating to the Clause of the Attorney or Solliator General & the Companys Council, relating to the Clause
in the Act for Establishing this Company in favour of the Bank. in the Act for Establishing this Company in favour of the Bank.
A Letter from Mr Lowides Dated the 27th Instant Smporting Cleat the Lord A Letter from Mr Lowndes Dated the 27th Instant Importing that the Lord
Treacer desires an account of what was done in pursuance of the last Comission Trearer desires an account of what was done in pursuance of the last Comission
for taking in subscripions & all other matters Specified in the Act, was read, for taking in subscripcons & all other matters Specified in the Act, was read,
Resolved Resolved
that the same be referred to the Comittee of Accounts That the same be referred to the Comittee of Accounts
The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 22 24 & 27th Tnstant were The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 22. 24. & 27th Instant were
read and Agreed to read and Agreed to,
The Minutes of the Counttee of Shiping of the 22d Tustant were read The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 22th Instant were read
aid Agreed to and Agreed to
A Liceuse for Capt. Solgard Comand of the St. Mark for carrying A License for Cap^t. Solgard Comand^r of the St. Mark for carrying
Sevcial Several.