162 162
Ordered Ordered,
That Warrants be Sgned for payment of the maney due on the sd That Warrants be Sgned for payment of the money due on the s^d.
Bills of Parcells, Amd as aforesaid to £8218:12:8 Audwanants were Bills of Parcells, Am^o as aforesaid to £8218:12:8 and warrants were
Sigued accordingly in Court Signed accordingly in Court
Ordered Ordered,
That a Wanrant be sigued for Iiprecting to Mr Mount That a Warrant be signed for Imprecting to M^r. Mount
£189:3:0 for 1200 Stamps for the Tawfer Books and a warant was £189:3:0 for 1200 Stamps for the Transfer Books and a warrant was
siqued accordingly in Court siqned accordingly in Court
Tn account of Sevice done by John Sead in the Accomptants office for In account of Sevice done by John Sead in the accomptants office for
one yeare Ending at Midsomer last at the Pate of £80: Paund having pait one year Ending at Midsomeer last at the Rate of £80: P ana having pact
the Comittee of Accompts, was laid before the Caut for payment the Comittee of accompts, was laid before the Court for payment
Ordered Ordered,
That a Warrant be signed for paying to sd Mr Read the said Seru That a Warrant be signed for paying to s^d M^r Sead the said {?}
of ₤80. And awanaut was signed accordingly in Court of ₤80. And a warrant was signed accordingly in Court
The Minute of the Comitte of the Afsencts of the t. Intent were read The Minute of the Comitte of the assiento of the 4^th. Instant were read
and agreed to and agreed to,
And some Heads of the proposed Contract being indispute between this and and some Heads of the proposed Contract being indispute between this and
the Poyal African Company the Royal african Company,
Oordered. Ordered.
That the Secretary attend the Court of Assistants of the said Company That the Secretary attend the Court of assistants of the said Company
for their answer for their answer
The Munite of the Comittee of the assente of the yt July last relating to the The Miniters of the Comittee of the assiento of the 9th July last relating to the
Officers to be Sent to the Companys Settlements in America And thee allavances to be Officers to be Sent to the Companys Settlements in america And the allowances to be
made them, were read, made them, were read,
Ordered. Ordered.
That the same be Recomitted to the sd. Committee That the same be Recomitted to the s^d. Comittee
Several Eignetors of Auny ir Frouport Detentnas aterding, was Several proprietors of army & Transport Debentures attending, were
called in, and delivered a Petition, they designed to present to the Lord St called in, and delivered a Petition, they designed to present to the Lord St
Frear Trear