346 346
his Lease of the Court, and the Sub Governour recomended to him a his Leave of the Court, and the Sub Governour recomended to him a
faithfull discharge of his duty. faithfull discharge of his duty.
Mr Thruppe going President to Buinos Ayres also attended the Court Mr Thruppe going President to Buenos ayres also attended the Court
and took his Leave and the SubGovernour in the name of the Court wished and took his Leave and the SubGovernour in the name of the Court wished
him a good voyage & Prosperity and recomended the Company's affairs to a him a good voyage & Prosperity and recomended the Company's affairs to a
Peudent care & management, and the Bomoting unity, among themselve Prudent care & management, and the Promoting unity, among themselves
The Court being informed that Mr Thruppe intended to carry The Court being informed that Mr Thruppe intended to carry
with him Two Pertons? One as Housekeeper to the Factory and the with him Two Persons One as Housekeeper to the Factory and the
other as his Secretary or Bookkeeper other as his Secretary or Bookkeeper
And Mr Thruppe being examined thereupon and Mr Thruppe being examined thereupon
Resolved That he be not Sermitted to carry those Persons, but Resolved That he be not Permitted to carry those Persons, but
that he may carry such a menial Servant as the Comittee of Shiping that he may carry such a menial Servant as the Comittee of Shiping
Shall approve of Shall approve of
Mr Clarke the Companys Soll laid before the Court an answer Mr Clarke the Companys Soll^r laid before the Court an answer
of the Company's signed by Mr Annestey to a Bill in Chaincery brought of the Company's signed by Mr Annesley to a Bill in Chancery brought
against them by John Batchelor & Mary his Wife relating to the against them by John Batchelor & Mary his Wife relating to the
Transferring ₤300 (remainder of 1000) South Sea Stock & suan Transferring ₤300 (remainder of 1000) South Sea Stock & psuant
to the Will of William Allendeced. to the Will of William allen deced.
Ordered hat the Committee of the Treasury cause the Companys heal Ordered hat the Committee of the Treasury cause the Company's seal
to be afficed to the said Answer to be affixed to the said answer
The Court proceeded to the Choice of a Wadd Dyer by Ballot the The Court proceeded to the Choice of a Wadd Dyer by Ballot the
Petitioners were John Bradley, Edmund Lascelles, John Gibls and John Petitioners were John Bradley, Edmund Lascelles, John Gibbs and John
Revell, and the SubGovernour declared the Majority of Ooter we for Revele, and the SubGovernour declared the Majority of votes was for
Mr John Gible Mr John Gibbs
A Letter from Mr Bowles dated at Madrid the 2d November was A Letter from Mr Bowles dated at Madrid the 2^d November was
Read and Refer'd to the Comittee of Correspondence. Read and Refer'd to the Comittee of Correspondence.
A Letter from Captn Vincent of the Elizabeth dated off Dover A Letter from Capt^n Vincent of the Elizabeth dated off Dover
the 3th Initant was Read. the 8th Instant was Read.
Adj. Adj^d.