485 485
D1 Sunday 3 January 1714 Munday 3^d January. 1714.
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors.
Present Present
The Sub Governer The Sub Governor
Mr Astell Mr. Astell
Sr L Hoare Sr. R. Hoare
Mr Acton Mr. Acton
Mr Hamoud Mr. Hamoud
Mr Blunt Mr. Blunt
Mr Houldach Mr. Houlditch
Sr Sawl Clarke Sr. Saw^l Clarke
Sr Joseph Marten Sr. Joseph Marten
S Wm Chapman S W^m Chapman
S. Harct Madter S. Harc^t Macter
Mr Cawall Mr. Cawall
Sr. Saml Ougley Sr. Sam^l Ongley
Sr. Rcoph Desbouverie Sr. Rcoph Desbouverice
Mr Lawbridge Mr Lawbridge
Sr. James Dolliffe Sr. James Dolliffe
Mr Verion Mr. Verion
Mr Duley Mr. Duley
S. Jno Williams Sr. Jn^o Williams.
M sed Go agained the Caut That the Countee appained for that M sud Gov^r acqnainted the Court That the Comitee appointed for that
purpose had attended His Royal Highness the Prince to know his Reyal purpose had attended His Royal Highness the Prince to know his Reyal
Highnes pleasure when he will please to be waired on by the Coun of Dirct Highness pleasure when he will please to be waired on by the Court of Direct^es:
with the Reolutions of the 31 pact, And that His Royal Highness had apounte with the Resolutions of the 31^th pact, And that His Royal Highness had appointed
this Morning; and that thereupon this Counias calld this Morning; and that thereupon this Court was calld
Resolved Resolved,
That this Cant do now atland His Royal Highness will the That this Court do now attend His Royal Highness with the
said Racheonsarccordingly said Resolutions accordingly.
And the Cont being returned the Sub Goo referred that he had delivered And the Court being returned the Sub Gov^r reported that he had delivered
the said Resolutions to His Royal Highness, to which His Royal Highness the said Resolutions to His Royal Highness, to which His Royal Highness
was pleased to give the following Answer Eizt was pleased to give the following Answer. Viz^t:
I have not any thing more at heave than the promosing and Encanaging I have not any thing more at heart than the promosing and Encouraging