230 230
Ordered. That ib be refered to the Comittee of Shipping to make int Ordered. That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping to make up the
account of Freight for the William & Sarak, and in Case the Owners wilh account of Freight for the William & Sarah. and in Case the Owners will
accept of Fortyshillings P dum demorage according to Charterparty fo accept of Forty shillings P diem demorage according to Charter party for
the time incurred at Buinos Ayres the Company will agree that the en the time incurred at Buenos Ayres the Company will agree that the said
Owners pay but thirty pounds for their part of the Port Charges o Owners pay but thirty pounds for their part of the Port Charges.
Ordered. That All artificers that have been Imployed by the Comg Ordered. That All artificers that have been Imployed by the Comp.^y
Factory at Buenos Ayres be allowed Three shillings p diein for their wnl Factory at Buenos Ayres be allowed Three shillings p diem for their work
Resolved That that part of the said Minutes of the Committe Resolved. That that part of the said Minutes of the Committe
of Shipping which relates to the taking up more ships be referred to of Shipping which relates to the taking up more ships be referr'd to
the Consideration of the Court next Wednesday the Consideration of the Court next Wednesday.
The rest of the said Minutes were agreed to The rest of the said Minutes were agreed to
The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 25th part & 2. Incany The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 25.^th part & 2.^d Instant
were read & agreed to were read & agreed to.
The minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury of the 3d. Instant The minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury of the 3.^d Instant were
Read & Agrees to Read & Agreed to
A Letter from Mr Bowles, and another from Mr Uzardi both A Letter from Mr Bowles, and another from M.^r Uzardi both
dated at indaned the 27th past were tead: and referr'd to the Coman dated at Madrid the 27.^th past were read: and referr'd to the Comittee
of Correspondence. of Correspondence.
A Petition of Mrs Meniam was read and referrd to the Comittes A Petition of Mrs Merriam was read and referr'd to the Comittee
of accounts & House & Servants and they to report their opinion of accounts & House & Servants and they to report their opinion
thereupon to the Court thereupon to the Court.
Ordered That the Accountant permit the Lady Lucy Redgar Ordered That the Accountant permit the Lady Lucy Ridgway
and Lady Frances Ridgway to transfer the ₤1000. South seaslun and Lady Frances Ridgway to transfer the ₤1000. South Sea Stock
in each of their names to Thomas Hutton Esqr. their Guardian, non in each of their names to Thomas Hutton Esq.^r their Guardian,notwith
standing their Minorities standing their Minorities
Nad. Adj.^d