159 159
Male y f tante 10 Wednesday 9^th November : 1715
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Deputy Governour The Deputy Governour
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Hamond Mr Hamond
Mr Lawbridge Mr Sawbridge
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr Hawc Mr Hawes
So. Juh: Tench S^r. Tub: Tench
So Lambert Blackwell S^r Lambert Blackwell
Mr Hays Mr Hays
Mr Townshend Mr Townshend
Mr Canvall Mr Carwall
Mr Horsey Mr Horsey
Sr. William Chapman S^r. William Chapman
Mr Tacobsen Mr Tacobsen
Mc Durley Mc Durley
Mr Soye Mr Toye
Mr Delaporte Mr Delaporte
Sr. Harcourt Macter Sr. Harcourt Master
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Mr Page Mr Page
Mr Gore Mr Gore
Coll Raymond Coll^o Raymond
Mr Houlditch Mr Houlditch
Mr Read Mr Read
oele ene e e anad The Minutes of the last Court were read,
Sr Hare Master Repried that pursuant to Order of the last Cant, Sor Lombr Blackwell Sr Harot Master Reported that pursuant to Order of the last Court, S^r Lamb^t Blackwell
Sr Wm Rapman Mr Houlditch & himself head waited on the Pt Hanble the Lord S^r W^m Chapman Mr Houlditch & himself had waited on the R^t Hon^ble the Lord
Townshend And acquainted his Lords by Letter, with the Resolution of the Count relating Townshend And acquainted his Lordp{Lordship}, by Letter, with the Resolution of the Court relating
to the Arms to be Spared to the Government, which Letter was read And that his Lords to the Arms to be Spared to the Government, which Letter was read, And that his Lordp{Lordship}
told them the proper directions should be sent to the Sieary relaring thereto told them the proper directions should be sent to the Treary relaring thereto .
The Minutes of the Committee of Conespondence of the 4 Inrant, together with The Minutes of the Committee of Correspondence of the 4^d Instant, together with
the Copy of a letter prepared and seve by the said Comittee to the Factory at Authagena the Copy of a letter prepared and sent by the said Comittee to the Factory at Carthagena
were read and appoved of were read and appoved of .
The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treary of this day were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treary of this day were read & agreed to .
Ordered, That Mr Giblon be desired to get the debentures for drowbacks Ordered, That Mr Gibbon be desired to get the Debentures for drawbacks .
dispatched and in order thereto, that he do what he shall think necessary dispatched and in order thereto, that he do what he shall think necessary
Ordr Ord^d: