e275
D20 over Bro^t over
1767:1 1767.1.
£25 £ 8 
To Itian Pleas Sagathees To xtian Pleas Sagathees
417:-:- 417-
Impect 400 Imprect 400
rest rests
17 17 . 
£ 1784.4 £ 1784.1
Ordered, that Warrants be signd in Caut for payment of the said Sum of Ordered, that Warrants be signd in Court for payment of the said Sum of
£1784.1 remaining due on the said Bills And Warrants were sezed in Cantaccordingly £1784.1 remaining due on the said Bills And Warrants were sign'd incourt accordingly.
Ordered That the Secutary do unediately attend the Lord Bolinghoke for this Lordss Ordered, That the Secretary do imdediately attend the Lord Bolingbroke for this Lordp's{lordship}
Aunoe to the Courts Memorial of the 8d Iustant & the Message from the Comittee thar last Answer to the Courts Memorial of the 8^th Instant & the Message from the Comittee that last
attended his Lords attended his Lord^p.[lordship]
A Muuce of the Court of Assistants of the Royal Apican Comps of the 8th Turan A Minute of the Court of Assistants of the Royal African Comp^a of the 8^th Instant
And alsa lett from Mr. Perythei Secretary, were read Siguifying, that a Committee And also a lett^r from Mr. Pery their Secretary, were read Signifying, that a Comittee
of that Company is ready comec a Comitee of this Comp. an the Subject matter of the of that Company is ready to meet a Comittee of this Comp^a. on the Subject matter of the
last Meeting last Meeting.
Ordered that the Committee of the Afsieie Meet the Countiee of the Royal Apican Ordered, that the Comittee of the Assiento Meet the Comittee of the Royal African
Company on Friday next at 5 in the Afternoon and that Mr Cary have notice thereof Company on Friday next at 5 in the Afternoon and that M^r Pery have notice thereof.
the Court being Informed, that Mr D Cortnattended, he was called in, the Court being Informed, that Mr D' Costa attended, he was called in,
And the sud Govd: told him, the Courthad Sent to him to deme he would give An And the sub Gov^r: told him, the Court had Sent to him to desire he would give An
Accot of what passd between hinself Mr Dowdall & Capt Johnon, at Mr Moois Acco^t of what pass'd between himself M^r Dowdall & Cap^t Johnson, at M^r Moor's
house To which he awswerd, that he was not Obliged to declare tus business in Publick house, To which he awswerd, that he was not Obliged to declare his business in Publick
aid was there and was there
fore not willing to do it. He was acquainted that Mr Moor had refered the fore not willing to do it. He was acquainted that M^r Moor had refered the
to him to him
Matter to give an Accot of But he still insisted that he did not un to tell any business Matter to give an Acco^t of But he still insisted that he did not use to tell any business
heis incrusted with without the Conent of the Party He was further cold he is intrusted with without the Consent of the Partys He was further told
that Mr Moor, said he believe that he would answer any Question, relating to this that Mr Moor, said he believd that he would answer any Question, relating to this
Matter, and lead desired two or three Questions might be askd him And that this was Matter, and lead desired two or three Questions might be askd him And that this was
an Offair which related to the Good of the Company, of which he was a Member an Affair which related to the Good of the Company, of which he was a Member
that therewas no design to Surprise him into any Answer that might be prejudicial that therewas no design to Surprise him into any Answer that might be prejudicial
to him, but that what he said should be taken down in writing that is was serprising to him, but that what he said should be taken down in writing that is was surprising
he would auswer any Quetion Tince it was Mr Moors desire he should be Sent for he would not answer any Question since it was Mr Moors desire he should be Sent for
Heagain desired to be Exceved from Declaring Busness in Publick without Consulting He again desired to be Excused from Declaring Business in Publick without Consulting
the persons he is in husefor, when he had he would give an Awwer, which would be the persons he is in trust for, when he had, he would give an Answer, which would be
commow tomorrow.
then that part of Capt. Johnons Letter relating to Mr. D. Cocta beng read then that part of Capt. Johnons Letter relating to Mr. D. Costa being read
the Depty Gov and Mc DCorta whether Capt Johuson Accepsed or rejected the the Dep^ty Gov^r and Mc D' Costa whether Cap^t Johnson Accepted or rejected the
Proporal made him, To which Mr D Corta said, he would give no Answe to day Proposal made him, To which Mr D' Costa said, he would give no Answe to day
for to Answer to that Question would be to own the Fact for to Answer to that Question would be to own the Fact
Recoled Resolvd.