306 306
So. Harcourt Master Reported that Mr. Townshend & himself S^r. Harcourt Master Reported that M^r. Townshend & himself
had attended mny Lord Townshend to know when the Prince Would had attended mny Lord Townshend to know when the Prince Would
be waited on with the Courts address to His Majesty and that His be waited on with the Courts address to His Majesty and that His
Royal Highness had appointed next Thursday Royal Highness had appointed next Thursday.
Ordered That the Court be Sumoned for that purpose on Thuny Ordered That the Court be Sumoned for that purpose on Thursday
8. 9 a Clock in the prinoon 8. 9 a Clock in the for noon
The Minutes of the Comittee of Correspondence of the 29t. o The Minutes of the Comittee of Correspondence of the 29^th. &
30 Instant were Read 30^th Instant were Read.
A Representation to the King Spain A Representation to the King Spain
Memorial to Mr Seiry Methuen Memorial to M^r Secry Methuen
Letter to Mr Bubb Letter to M^r Bubb
to Mr Bowles to M^r Bowles
Agonts at Jamaisa agents at Jamaisa
Factors at Carthagena & Factors at Carthagena &
Panama Panama
Prepared by the said Comittee were severally Read & agreed to with Prepared by the said Comittee were severally Read & agreed to with
Some Amendments. Some amendments.
Ordered. That the Comtte of Corupondence imediately wat an Ordered That the Comtte of Correspondence imediately wait on
Mr Secretary Mithuen with their memorial to him and the severall M^r Secretary Methuen with their memorial to him and the severall
Papers referr'd to in it. Papers referr'd to in it.
Ordered That the Tibgovr be devired to sign the Representation Ordered That the Sub gov^r be desired to sign the Representation
to the King of Spain and the said Memorial to the King of Spain and the said Memorial.
Ordered That the aforesaid Letters to Mr Bubl. Mr Bowles Ordered That the aforesaid Letters to M^r Bubb. M^r Bowles
agents at Samaica The Factories at Carthagena & Panama agents at Jamaica The Factories at Carthagena & Panama
be now signed by the Court, and they were signed accordingly. be now signed by the Court, and they were signed accordingly.
And Adj^d