355 355
The Mene f e en e e f e The Minutes of the Comittee of Shipping of the 27^th. 29th. Nov^r,
4:6th & 11th Instant were Read 4^th , 6^th ,& 11^th Instant were Read.
The Minutes of the Toint Committee of Buying & Shiping of the The Minutes of the Joint Comittee of Buying & Shiping of the
6th Instant were Read & agreed to 6^th. Instant were Read & agreed to
A Representation from Dr Migel De Redona desiring the A Representation from D^r Migel De Redona desiring the
Delivery of some Goods, on board the Slizabeth belonging to him Delivery of some Goods, on board the Elizabeth belonging to him
was Read was Read
Ordered That it be Referd to the Committee of Shiping to give Ordered, That it be Refer'd to the Comittee of Shiping to give
directions for the delivering of any Goods on board the Elizabeth not directions for the delivering of any Goods on board the Elizabeth not
belonging to the company's Factors, to those who shall have the belonging to the company's Factors, to those who shall have the
Property in them. Property in them.
A Letter from Captn. Vincent dated the 10th Instant desiring to A Letter from Capt^n. Vincent dated the 10^th Instant desiring to
be Indemnify'd in complying with the Courts order concerning the be Indemnify^d in complying with the Courts order concerning the
Delivery of Private Trade on board the Elizabeth was read, Delivery of Private Trade on board the Elizabeth was read,
Resolved. That this court will indemnify him accordingly. Resolved. That this court will indemnify him accordingly.
Ordered That the Secretary signify the same to him in writing. Ordered That the Secretary signify the same to him in writing.
Ordered That the Company's cockineal be brought up to their Ordered That the Company's cochineal be brought up to their
House & Garbled. House & Garbled.
A Letter from Mr Seiretary Burchett dated 6th Tut: Signifying A Letter from M^r. Secretary Burchett dated 6th (Tut): Signifying
that the Bedford having reced considerable damage the Lords of the that the Bedford having rece^d considerable damage the Lords of the
Admiralty have ordered her to be laid up at Portsmouth, was read, Admiralty have ordered her to be laid up at Portsmouth, was read,
Order, That Mr Caswal be desired to take Care of bringing Order, That M^r. Caswal be desired to take Care of bringing
up from Portsmouth the Eighty ounces of Gold on board the Bedford. up from Portsmouth the Eighty ounces of Gold on board the Bedford.
Ord. That it be Referd to the Committee of Shiping to give Ord^d That it be Refer^d to the Comittee of Shiping to give
directions for Bringing up the Company's Puttick on board the Betford directions for Bringing up the Company's Fustick on board the Bedford
in order to be sold at Publick Sale in order to be sold at Publick Sale
Ordr That the Secretary write to Mr. Burchet and acquaint Ord^d That the Secretary write to M^r. Burchet and acquaint
him him