176 176
the Mr Mehuen to know when the Count might have an Opportunicy of Counot the Mr. Methuen to know when the Court might have an Opportunity of Congratulate
him on his safe Arial from Madred And that he had red an Ansuer by Leva foe t him on his safe Arrival from Madrid And that he had rec.^d an Answer by Letter which
Letter was rad, Letter was read,
Ordered That a Court be Sumoued for Friday next 9 a clock in onder to Ordered That a Court be Summoned for Friday next 9 a clock in order to
attend Mr Melhucn attend Mr Methuen
Sr Lambert Blackwell laid before the Cout a Letter or Propartion from D O Sr. Lambert Blackwell laid before the Court a Letter or Proportion from D.^n acct
Ode La Rlom on behalf of a Fried of his for leave to Introduce 100. Regroes wr the de La Rosa on behalf of a Friend of his for leave to Introduce 100. Negroes into the
Caraccrs: Which was red Caraccas: Which was read.
Sr Wm Chapinan laid before the Court A Propsition Signed by Dr Degs Cor Sr W.^m Chapman laid before the Court A Proposition Signed by Dr. Diego Baza
Dr Manuel de Lion & Dr Francico Pinacel, Inhabitants of the Htavanal Dr. Manuel de Leon & Dr Francico Cuinentel, Inhabitants of the Havannah
relating to the Introduction of 600 Regroes into that City relating to the Introduction of 600 Negroes into that City
Ordered, that the said proporitions be referrd to the Comittee of Conesporden Ordered, that the said proporitions be referrd to the Comittee of Corespondence
and thae they have fver to Teat with the said Gast therear or any otherfarvons and that they have power to Treat with the said Gent.^n therear or any other persons
that Shall make Offers relating to the Negro Trade and Report their poceding that Shall make Offers relating to the Negro Trade and Report their poceedings
to the Caut to the Court
The Munces of the Comittee of the Teanary of the 12th Instant were rad t ogade The Minutes of the Comittee of the Tresuary of the 12.^th Instant were read & agreed to
The Muuces of the Comittee of Buying of the 13 Instant wee read & agred a The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 13 Instant were read & agreed to
The Muntes of the Comittee of Accompts of the same day were read & agreed & The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the same day were read & agreed to
The Collowing Warrauts having pact the proper Comittees were laid before the lat The following Warrants having part the proper Comittees were laid before the court
for paryment Oic. for payment Vit.^z
23
246.8. 246.8.
To Jno Gore Esqr Blue paper Siletias To Jn.^o Gore Esq.^r Blue paper Siletias
4:18:- 4.18
Jno Wan Jn.^o Wien
Plaisterer Plaisterer
51:17:- 51.17.
Lconard Pead Leonard Pead
Cook Cook
234. 1.6 234.17.6
Princes Enterrainment Princes Entertainment
Dis Ditio
Henry Buston – Camblets Henry Buston – Camblets
450 450
988:0:6 988.0.6
Ordered, that the said Warrants be now sgud and tay we legrdern Ordered, that the said Warrants be now signed and they were signed accord.^ly
on Cout on Court
Ordered, Tae the Accompant of his Compary Excharge ant ale Ordered, That the Accompant of his Company Exchange with the acomp.^t