477 477
Liceur Ships and the Anrual Ship from the Wast Indies was read & ag to Licenis [License] Ships and the Annual Ship from the West Indies was read & ag^d. to
Ordered that the said Answer or Memorial be finished by the sd Comittee Ordered that the said Answer or Memorial be finished by the sd.[said] Comittee
and pravuced to the Marg of Montelcon Comonow and pravuced to the Marg of Montelcon Comonow
Resolved, that the Elizabeth be Loaded with all posile Expedition and Resolved, that the Elizabeth be Loaded with all possible Expedition and
disparched away for Labera Caux withaut staying for any Return from dispatched away for La bera Cruz, without staying for any Return from
Madred to the Companys Ansoer to the Margess Memorial Madrid to the Companys Answer to the Marqiss Memorial
A Letter from Sen Wad Dated at Madred the 26 pact was raid A Letter from Sen^r. [senior] Uzardi Dated at Madrid the 26th part was said
Ordered that the said Letter berefard to the Comitie of Correspondence Ordered that the said Letter bereford to the Comittee of Correspondence
and that an Auswer thereto be given by the Secretary as they shall direct and that an Auswer thereto be given by the Secretary as they shall direct
tl
the Muiites of the Comittee of Correspondence of the 9 Instant were the Minister of the Comittee of Correspondence of the 9^th.Instant were
read and Agreed to Except what relates to the Carrying Hides & Tallow read and Agreed, to Except what relates to the Carrying Hides & Tallow
from Bunar Ayres to Cadie from Buenos Ayres to Cadiz,
Drdesed Ta the produce of the Regeas Sent to Buera Aye, & Ovd Ordered. That the produce of the negroes Sent to Buenos Ayres, be bro^:t [brought]
back duectly for England, and that the Compruys Factors and also the Comrs. back directly for England, and that the Companys Factors and also the Com^:drs.[?]
of Stips Treiglted for that place be instructed accordingly of Ships Freighted for that place be instructed accordingly
the Munutes of the Comnitlee of Suping of the 9. 13 & 14th Inclaunt wereread the Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 9. 13 & 14th Instant wereread,
Ordered That the Cousid of giving £5:15:0 p hlead for Regises Ordered, That the Consid of giving £5:15:0 plead for negroes
to Capt Townshend of the Windor Frigate be Adjaried to the next Court to Capt Townshend of the Windor Frigate be Adjurned to the next Court
The Court of the 1t Instant having Resolved to take into consideration tonon The Court of the 1^st Instant having Resolved to take into consideration tonon
the Contents of Mr Woodbridges Letter of the 27 Sept. last, the Contents of Mr Woodbridges Letter of the 27 Sept. last,
Ordered that the same be defared to this day Fortuight Ordered, that the same be defared to this day Fortnight,
Resolved, That a Cant beheld on Friday Moning wext Resolved, That a Court be held on Friday Moning next.
Adod. Adjo^:d [adjourned]