125 125
The Minutes of the Committee of the whole Court yesterday were The Minutes of the Comittee of the whole Court yesterday were
Read & agreed to Read & agreed to.
Ordered That a Committee be appointed to compare the Instructions Ordered That a Comittee be appointed to compare the Instructions
with the actions of the Pactory at Buenos Ayres & Examine their with the actions of the Factory at Buenos Ayres & Examine their
Letters & accounts and report how they find the same, to the Court Letters & accounts and report how they find the same, to the Court
this day Sevenight and that Sr. Theo. Tanssen, Sr Fither Pench this day Sevenight and that Sr. Theo: Janssen, Sr Fither Tench
Mr Townshend, Mr Houlditch, Mr Gore, Mr Caswall, Mr Gibbon Mr Townshend, Mr Houlditch, Mr Gore, Mr Caswall, Mr Gibbon
Mr Blunt and Mrastell be that Comittee or any four of them Mr Blunt and Mr^Astell be that Comittee or any four of them.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 1st. Instant were The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 1^st. Instant were
Read. Read.
The Sr. Committee having susppended Mr Read one of the The Sd. Committee having suspended Mr. Fead one of the
Clerks in the accountants, office for Regligence. Clerks in the accountants, office for Negligence.
The said Mr Fead was called in and the Sub Governour in the The said Mr Fead was called in and the Sub Governour in the
name of the Court Reprimanded him for his Neglect of his duty, and name of the Court Reprimanded him for his Neglect of his duty, and
recomended to the Accountant to have a particular Eye to his attendance recomended to the Accountant to have a particular Eyes to his attendance
Ordered That the suspension of the said Fead be taken off but Ordered That the suspension of the said Fead be taken off but
that he be not allowed any salary for the time he was so suspended that he be not allowed any salary for the time he was so suspended
The following Warrants having pass'd the Proper Comittees were The following Warrants having pass'd the Proper Comittees were
laid before the Court for payment vigt. laid before the Court for payment vizt.
To Mr John Brooke for Guns To Mr John Brooke for Guns
£60:-:- £60:-:-
Mr John Hall Mr John Hall
66:-:- 66:-:-
Mr William Nutt Mr William Nutt
Do D^o
78:-:- 78:-:-
Do D^o
Mr William Sowerby Mr William Sowerby
152:10:- 152,,10,,
Do D^o
Mr Robert Sibthorp Mr Robert Sebthorp
39:12 39:12
Mr Jont Gurnell Mr Jon^a Gurnell
Tallow Tallow
58:9: 58:9:
Mr Math: Shelswell Mr Math: Shelswell
Do D^o
353 35 ,, 3
Mr John Rason Mr John Rason
Blankets Blankets
18:11 18:11
Long Cloths Long Cloths
Mr Isaac Kopps Mr Isaac Kopps
180:-:- 180:-:-
Carried Over Carried Over
68805 688,,  5