289 289
The Mnter of the Comtle of Coripondere of the 20th pat ty the The Minutes of the Comittee of Coripondere of the 26.^th part together
with a Letter prepared and sent by the said Comittee to Mr Bowles were Read with a Letter prepared and sent by the said Comittee to Mr. Bowles were Read
and the Letter approved of and the Letter approved of.
Ordered That the said Comittee prepare a Letter advising Messrs Menkrck Ordered That the said Comittee prepare a Letter advising Mess.^rs Mentinck
and Sons of Ansterdam in relation to what the said Comittee writ to Mr and Sons of Amsterdam in relation to what the said Comittee writ to Mr
Bowles the 26th Instant concerning his drawing Bills on them for Bowles the 26.^th Instant concerning his drawing Bills on them for
account of this Company and to desire their honouring the same. account of this Company and to desire their honouring the same.
The Court proceeded according to order the 13th part to read the Pettions The Court proceeded according to order the 13.^th part to read the Petitions
of the Several Candidates for the Office of the Company's Cheif at Buena of the Several Candidates for the Office of the Company's Cheif at Buenos
Ayres and the Petitions of Thomas Tyer. Edward Gould, Gilbert Kere Ayres and the Petitions of Thomas Fryer. Edward Gould, Gilbert Kerr
Charles Read & John Shrippe being all that offerd were Read Charles Read & John Shrippe being all that offer'd were Read
A Letter from Mr Bowles of the 27th July advising his drawing2 A Letter from Mr Bowles of the 27.^th July advising his drawing 2
Bills, one of $800. and another of $700. and another of the same date Bills,one of $800. and another of $700. and another of the same date
from Mr Ugardi, Inclosing a Bill of Exchange drawn on the Company from Mr Uzardi, Inclosing a Bill of Exchange drawn on the Company
by the Factory at Buenos Ayres for 500 P. payable in Madrid were read. by the Factory at Buenos Ayres for 500 P. payable in Madrid were read.
Ordered That the Cashire accept the said Bill of 500 I payable by Ordered That the Cashire accept the said Bill of 500 p payable by
Mr Bowles in Madrid. and that the Comittee of Correpondence advie Mr Bowles in Madrid, and that the Comittee of Correpondence [advise?]
Mr Bowles thereof and direct him to pay it Mr Bowles thereof and direct him to pay it
Ordered That the Bill of Exchange of 500 Dollars drawn by Mr Ordered That the Bill of Exchange of 500 Dollars drawn by Mr
Martin at Buenos Ayres and sent by Mr Uzardi in his Letter be return Martin at Buenos Ayres and sent by Mr Uzardi in his Letter be return
him Protected. him Protected.
Ordered That the Scretary wnite to Mr Ezarde and inclose him Ordered That the Scretary wnite to Mr Ezarde and inclose him
the said Bill and acquaint him if there shall be any effects they be applyd the said Bill and acquaint him if there shall be any effects they be applyd
in dicharge of the said Bill in dicharge of the said Bill
Ordered That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Correspondr Ordered That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Correspondr
Argonter Argonter
that they write to the Companys Several Factoree that no Bill will that they write to the Companys Several Factoree that no Bill will
be accepted, but what is drawn by the President & Council and that if be accepted, but what is drawn by the President & Council and that if
any any