A Particular of Severalnecessarie writ for by Mr Thittlethwayte A Particular of Several necessaries writ for by M^r. Thistlethwayte
for his own use was laid before the Court, and is as followeth vizt. for his own use was laid before the Court, and is as followeth viz^t.
3 Suits of Cloaths 3 Suits of Cloaths
1 Cloak 1 Cloak
6 p of Silk 6 P of Silk
12 p of Worted& Stockings 12 P of Worsted & Stockings
12 p of Thread) 12 P of Thread
6 hat 6 hats
2 Perukes 2 Perukes
2 Dozen of Gloves 2 Dozen of Gloves
Watch. SilverCase Watch. Silver Case
12t. of Sweet. Powder 12^t. of Sweet. Powder
1 Dozen Wash balls 1 Dozen Wash balls
12 Cane Chairs 12 Cane Chairs
2 Couches 2 Couches
2. Looking Glasses 2. Looking Glasses
1 Dozen of Puture Prints for a Room 1 Dozen of Picture Prints for a Room
1 Cheit of Drawers and 1 Cldie Stool 1 Chest of Drawers and 1 Close Stool
12 P shoes 12 P shoes
2 p Slippers 2 P Slippers
Ordered That it be Referd to the Comittee of Shiping to give a ttart, Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Comittee of Shiping to give a warr^t.
for shiping) the same on board the 150 Tunship going to Buenos Ayres for shiping the same on board the 150 Tun ship going to Buenos ayres
A Letter from Mr Thirtlethwayte dated at Buenos Ayres 16 Time A Letter from M^r. Thistlethwayte dated at Buenos ayres 16^th June
last Inclosing a Receipt signed by Captn Partington of the Warwick for last Inclosing a Receipt signed by Capt^n. Partington of the Warwick for
3 Small Bars containing 19 Marks & 2 of Silver of 30y f mark Spand 3 Small Bars containing 19 Marks & 1/2 of Silver p 8oz P mark Spand
Weight & 44 & in money for account of the Governour Dr Balthagar Weight & 44 $ in money for account of the Governour D^r. Balthazar
Garria Ross, who desires the same may be remitted to Mr Dowles to be Gareia Ross, who desires the same may be remitted to M^r. Bowles to be
delivered to his Agent at Madrid. delivered to his agent at Madrid.
Ordered That it be referd to the Committee of Shiping to give direction Ordered That it be refer'd to the Committee of Shiping to give direction
for Landing the said Silver, and that the same lye in the Cashicishands for Landing the said Silver, and that the same lye in the Cashier's hands
till further Order till further Order
Adjd. Adj^d.