150 150
that way of the Companys Affirs they should neet with Jurice and den that in any of the Companys affairs they should meet with Justice and dispatch
The Minutes of the Comittee of Condipondence of the 19 hucane And Cat The Minutes of the Comittee of Correspondence of the 19th  instant and the [?]
to Mr Secty Stanhope And Hteads of the Matters in difference between b tin to Mr Sec^ry Stanhope And Hteads of the Matters in difference between the King
of Spain & the Company as drawng by the said Comittee were read of Spain & the Company as drawng by the said Comittee were read
Leters from Messr. Hhompon Mores & Patter Roed at Tamaia the o Letters from Messr. Thompon Morris & Pratter Dated at Jamaica the 3o July
&12 August last, were read, & 12 August last, were read,
Ordered. That the Comittee of Coresposdence drawu and delive to e Ordered, That the Comittee of Correspondence draw up and deliver to [?]
Feaetary Sarhope AMenorial Inalayig ar Exteract of the said Lee o Secretary Stanhope a Menorial Inclosing an Extract of the said Letter so far as
relates to the Marter of the Laike Briganteues hobbing the Marg f Rabor relates to the Marter of the Larke Brigantine' Robbing the Marg of [?]
late Govesion of the Peavince of Papsian late Governor of the Province of Papian
A Ledei from the Factory at Panana Dated 24 Juty last, Gurgantor A Letter from the Factory at Panana Dated 24 July last, Giving an acco^t
of their Arrival and proceedings in the Companys Affairs was read And apall of their arrival and proceedings in the Companys Affairs was read And [?]
to the Comittee of Conespondence to the Comittee of Correspondence
The Munters of the Comitte of the Teasuy of this day we ard agade The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury of this day were read and agreed to
Ordered Ordered
That it le refered to the said Comittee to consider of Settling he That it le referrd to the said Comittee to consider of Settling the [?]
of keeping an Account of the Companys Bonds, that it may appear Monthly ond of keeping an account of the Companys Bonds, that it may appear Monthly ond
shall be due shall be due
The Miunites of the Committee of Siping of the 27t. Sept. & B. Insiast The Miunites of the Committee of Shipping of the 27^th Sept. & 18. Instant
corsered and agreed to. were read and agreed to.
The Inshicae to Capt Cownd of the Keng Solenar bound to Apar The Instrctions to Cap^t Coward of the Keng Solomon bound to africa
for 340. Regroes oo be andad to the tat sides were read & Segned in laned for 340. negroes to be carried to the West Indies were read & Signed in Court
Ordered, Hat et be as Inhection to the Comitte of Corespondera Ordered, that it be as Instruction to the Committe of Correspondence
they prepore ao Letter to the Companys agents at Jamaica thas thewn they prepare ao Letter to the Companys agents at Jamaica that therein they
be drected to receive from the ships coming from Apica what of ther lare be directed to receive from the ships coming from africa what of their Cargoes
remain indipposed of or what Gold Eleghants talh & Shall lowe be p remain undisposed of or what Gold Eleghants teeth & Shall have been purchas'd
by such Remans. by such Remains.
The