476 476
&Vednesday. 15th December. 1714 Wednesday. 15.th December. 1714
T a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Presene Present
The Dep Govenour The Dep Govenour
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Gore Mr Gore
Mr Acton Mr Acton
Sr A Hoare Sr A Hoare
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr Hamoud Mr Hamond
Sr. Sawt Clarke Sr. Samuel: Clarke.
Sr. Heo. Saussen Sr. THeo. Janssen
Sr. Wm Chapman Sr. W.^m[ William] Chapman
Sr. Jno Lambet Sr. Jn^o. Lambert
Mr Cawvall Mr Caswall
Sr. Joseph Martin Sr. Joseph Martin
Sr James Doliffe Sr. Sawt Ougley Sr James Doliffe Sr. Sawt Ongley
Mr Duley Mr Duley
Mc Lawbridge Mr Lawbridge
Mr Fellaves Mr Fellaves
Mc Cenon Mc Vernon
Sr. Jno Williams Sr. Jno [John] Williams
S an alae Caxtannend The minutes of the last cort ere read,
So Theo Taussen Repried that the Comittee appointed to wait on my Lord So Theo Taussen Repeated that the Comittee appointed to wait on my Lord
Townsheud had attended his Lords will the Answ drawnup by them to the Townshend had attended his Lordp [Lordship] with the Answer drawnup by them to the
Marg of Monteleaus Memorial for his Lordss Approbation, And that his Marg of Monteleons Memorial for his Lordp [Lordship] Approbation, And that his
Lords had discoursed the Marg thereupon, but some additions having been Lordp [Lordship] had discoured [discouraged] the Marg.^s thereupon but some additions having been
made to the said Answer Since the drawing of it by the Committee, made to the said Answer Since the drawing of it, by the Committee,
Ordered, That the said Anwer so allored be now read Paragraph by Ordered, That the said Anwer so altered be now read Paragraph by
Paragraph Paragraph:
And the 1t Coragraph being read was Agreed to And the 1:st paragraph being read was agreed to
Upon reading the 2. Paragraph with the Amendment, the same was recomni Upon reading the 2^d. Paragraph with the Amendment, the same was recomitt^d.
upon the Debate of the Caust upon the Debate of the Court,
The 3d Paragraph was read and Agreed to, As was also the Eaditional The 3^d Paragraph was read and Agreed to, As was also the additional
Caragraph relating co the Exporting the Produce of the Congo of the two Paragraph relating to the Exporting the Produce of the Cargo of the two
Lanes Lanes