74 74
received the Dispatches for the Two License-Ships Elizabeth & Befford and received the Dispatches for the Two License-Ships Elizabeth & Befford and
retured thim Manks for his good offices done the Company of which his Exsq return'd him thankss for his good offices done the Company of which his Ex^q
was pleaced to give Assurances for the futne. They likewise Reminded his E was pleaced to give Assurances for the futne. They likewise Reminded his E^y
of what he formerly desired of the Compony vizt the liberty of putting some th of what he formerly desired of the Company viz^t the liberty of putting some things
on board for New Spoin, For which he thankd the Company and said he on board for New Spain, For which he thankd the Company and said he
would put on board A preseut for the Governor of Vera Crue. would put on board A present for the Governor of Vera Cruz.
Letters from Mr. Bowles & Mr Ward Dated at Madried the 27t fact, a Letters from Mr. Bowles & Mr Uzardi Dated at Madrid the 27 part, relating
to the Companys Affairs there were read; and referrd to the Comittee of to the Companys Affairs there were read; and referrd to the Comittee of
Conrepondence. Conrepondence.
A Letter from Mr. Bringle Dated at whitehall the sd. 27t part Subing A Letter from Mr. Pringle Dated at whitehall the s^d. 27th part inclosing
Esracts of 2 Letters from his Exy Mr Metheen to the C Houble Mch Extracts of 2 Letters from his E^xy Mr Melhuen to the R^t Hon^ble Mr. [?]
Stanhope of the 13 o 20 of the same Marth, was read, And also the said Stanhope of the 13  20th of the same Month, was read, And also the said
Extracts, And thereupon, Extracts, And thereupon,
Ordered, That it be referrd to the Committee of Correipond to drawup Ordered, That it be referrd to the Committee of Correspond^ce to drawup
and lay before the next Court. A Declaration of this Company to be dield and lay before the next Court. A Declaration of this Company to be [?]
to the Marg of Monteleon that the Annual Ship shall not exceed Fi to the Marg of Monteleon that the annual Ship shall not exceed Five
buedred Tims bn Kee hundred Tuns [?]
Letters from Mr Woodbridge Daved at Berbador the 28 Febry & 5t p Letters from Mr Woodbridge Dated at Barbados the 28 Feb^ry & 5^th april
last Inclosing several Papers relating to the Companys Affairs therewase last Inclosing several Papers relating to the Companys affairs there were
sad read
A List of Several Goods propored to be made part of the Carge of the Peford ions A List of Several Goods propored to be made part of the Cargo of the Bedford was
lead and Agreed co, lead and Agreed to,
Ordered that te Comitte of Beying parde the aid Goad oaerdigy tet Ordered that the Comittee of Buying provide the said Goods accordingly or such [?]
thereof us they shall Judge necessary thereof as they shall Judge necessary
The Inticions co be Comparys Taclonsgoing to bera Cine Ardes layt anes The Instructions to the Companys Factors going to Vera Cruz and to Cap^t Vincent 
of the Elizabeth for he ntended Vayage to that port As aged to by the Cant heg of the Elizabeth for her intended Voyage to that port As agreed to by the Court the 9th
Vend March