Ordered That Mr. Townshend and St. Harcoust Master bedeind Ordered That M^r. Townshend and S^r. Harcourt Master be desired
to walt on the Lord Townshend to know when Htis Royal Highness to wait on the Lord Townshend to know when His Royal Highness
the Prince of Wales will be attended with the said address. the Prince of Wales will be attended with the said address.
Mc Shruppe desiring leave to go out of Town for some short M^r Thruppe desiring leave to go out of Town for some short
time time
Ordered. That he have Lease for Three Weeks. Ordered. That he have Leave for Three Weeks.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 28th. Inst: were The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 28^th. Inst: were
Read & agreed to Read & agreed to.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying & Shiping of the 250 The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying & Shiping of the 23d
Instant were Read. Instant were Read.
The Minutes of the Committee of Shiping of the 28t. Intant and The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 28.^th Instant and
this day were Read and agreed to this day were Read and agreed to
Ordered That it be Referrd to the Committee of shiping to give Ordered That it be Referr'd to the Committee of shiping to give
directions to provide the medicines & Instruments desired by Dr. Dougloss directions to provide the medicines & Instruments desired by D^r. Douglass
and Mr Burnet Surgeons of Panama & Portobelo and M^r Burnet Surgeons of Panama & Portobelo
The Minutes of the Committee of the Treasury of the 28t. and this The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury of the 28^th. and this
day were Read & agreed to day were Read & agreed to.
The Minutes of the Committee of Correspondence of the 28. Int. The Minutes of the Comittee of Correspondence of the 28.^th Inst:
were. Read & Agreed to. were. Read & Agreed to.
The Translation of a Letter from the marquis of montelion The Translation of a Letter from the marquis of monteleon
to the Governour of Carthagena relating) to the Confiscation of to the governour of Carthagena relating to the Confiscation of
some of the Company's Goods on board the Bedford some of the Company's Goods on board the Bedford.
Ordered that it be Referrd to the Committee of Correspondence Ordered that it be Referr'd to the Comittee of Correspondence
to write to the Factory at Carthagena and Tend therewith the to write to the Factory at Carthagena and Send therewith the
Marquis of Monteleon's Letter to the Governour there with the Marquis of Monteleon's Letter to the Governour there with the
Several Paper's mentioned therein Several Papers mentioned therein
Resolved Resolved