188 188
ACle Minues of he Comte of he Sreany of this day wese read l ane The Minutes of he Comittee of the Treary of this day were read & agreed to
A Letter from Mr Arthur North the Companys Seaved Officer going to Cantlage a Don A Letter from M^r Arthur North the Companys record Officer going to Carthagena dated
at Maderas the 1 Deceub last giving an Account of his Arrial there in the Re at Maderas the 1^st Decemb^r last giving an Account of his Arrvial there in the beeford
was read, was read,
A Letter from the factors at Carlageea Dared there the 19 Atob laxwas &e At Letter from the factors at Carthagena Dated there the 19 Octob.^r last were & read
A Letter from the Factors at Canana Dated there the 25. Sept. last wa At Letter from the Factors at Panama Dated there the 25. Sept. last was read,
A Letter from Messrs Clhompson Morris & Pratter Dated at Jamaice the At Letter from Mess:^rs Thompson Morris & Pratter Dated at Jamaica the
October wasread October was read
Letter from Mr Dudley woodbridge Dated at Rerbadoes the 19 Octof & Letter from Mr. Dudley woodbridge Dated at Berbadoes the 19 Octob^r & 17^th
Novenbr last were read, Novemb^r last were read,
A Letter from Mr Bowles Dated at Madred the 13h Sistanc Ns we rea A Letter from Mr. Bowles Dated at Madrid the 13. Instant Ns we read,
Ordered Ordered.
Thae bhe said Lotters be separed o the Comotle of Conspandea That the said Letters be refered to the Comittee of Conrepondence.
and the Suvoyces, Bills of Ladsig &c inclosed to the proper Comittees and the Suvoyces, Bills of Lading &e. inclosed to the proper Comittees.
And thatd bean Instruction to the said Committee of Conespondence thot when h And that it bean Instruction to the said Committee of Conespondence that when they
prepare a Letterto Panama they consider of the 57 article of the assiento relatige prepare a Letterto Panama they consider of the 57^th article of the assiento relating
the paying the Dulys for Iudulted Negroes the paying the Dutys for Iudulted Negroes
A Letter from Mr Worde Dated at Madred the 16 Decr lar Denug A Letter from Mr. lzard Dated at Madrid the 16 Dec^r last Desiring
that a Bill he has drawn for 125 on Accot of his Sallary may be p was e that a Bill he has drawn for 125th on Accot. of his Sallary may be p^d was read
Ordered Ordered,
That the Cashier accept & pay the said Bill accordingly That the Cashier accept & pay the said Bill accordingly
Ordered, That wher a Caut of Dirctors s to beheld hat thy he Ordered, That when a Court of Directors is to be held, that they be
Sumond thereto, as shall be directed by the Subor Depty Goo: Sumond thereto, as shall be directed by the Sub or Depty Gov^r:
Sao Adjo^d: