1360 360
Ordered That the Companys Cochineal brought home in the Elizabeth Ordered That the Company's Cochincal brought home in the Elizabeth
and St George be sold un Garbled and S^t George be sold un Garbled.
Ordered That the Secretary write to Mr Mellish to send round the Ordered That the Secretary write to M^r Mellish to send round the
Companys Pustick brought in the Bedford by some of the Hemp Ships Company's [Pubtick] brought in the Bedford by some of the Hemp Ships
now at Portsmouth now at Pasts month
Ordered That the consideration of Selling the company's Cockineal Ordered That the consideration of Selling the company's Cochincal
and Indigo, be adjounnd till the next court. and Indigo, be adjouind till the next court.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 13t. & 18t. Inc The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 13th. & 18th. Inst.
were Read & agreed to were Read & agreed to
Ordered That the matter relating to the Demorage of the Dumnwick Ordered That the matter relating to the Demorage of the Dumnwick
be Recomitted to the Comittee of Shiping. be Recomitted to the Comittee of Shiping.
The Minutes of the Soint Comittee of Buying & shiping of the 18th The Minutes of the Joint Comittee of Buying & shiping of the 18th
Instant, were Read & Agreed to. Instant, were Read & Agreed to.
Ordered That the said Comittee do after they have gone thro the Ordered That the said Comittee do after they have gone thro the
Examination of Mr Phorowgood's Conduct as President at Vera Crug and Examination of M^r [Phoro] good's Conduct as President at Vera Cruz and
the reasons of his coming home without Leave. Report their opinion the reasons of his coming home without Leave. Report their opinion
in Writing thereon to the Court. in Writing thereon to the Court.
The Mynutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 14th & 138. Int: and the The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 14th & 18th. Inst: and the
Draught of a largoe for the St Quintin bound for Guinea & Buenos Ayres Draught of a cargoe for the S^t Quintin bound for Guinea & Buenos Ayres
were Read & Agreed to. were Read & Agreed to.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 18th Inst. were Read The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 18th Inst. were Read
and Agreed to and Agreed to.
The following Warrants having pass'd the Roper Comittees were The following Warrants having pass'd the Proper Comittees were
laid before the Court for Payment vizt laid before the Court for Payment vizt
£20.13- £20.13-
To Sherman Godfrey for Spirits To Sherman Godfrey for Spirits
42:13:- 42:13:-
Philip Sandford for Tobacco Philip Sandford for Tobacco
204:19:- 204:19:-
Richard Merriweather & Co, for Wharfage Richard Merriweather & Co, for Wharpages
525.10 525.10
Mary Blake Widow. Comrs. of Negroes Mary Blake Widow. Com^n. of Negroes
11:-:- 11:-:-
for Compowder for Compowder
Mr Mordaunt M^r Mordaunt
804.15- 804.15-
Carried Over Carried Over