66 66
129 129
Ordered Ordered
that the Comittee of Correpond prepare Instructions That the Comittee of Correpond^:ce prepare Instructions
for Capt. Liel for Cap^t. Liell
Resolved, that the Capt. of the Peart taken up to purchas Negires on Resolved, that the Cap^t. of the Pearl taken up to purchase Negroes on
the Gold Coast be permitted to buy one half of them on the Bindward Coact the Gold Coast be permitted to buy one half of them on the Windward Court.
Resolved, That the Comittee of Shiping may Agree with the Ownces of Resolved, That the Comittee of Shiping may Agree with the Owners of
the King Solomon to purchas Negioes at Sacquin in read of the Gald load the King Solomon to purchase Negroes at Jacquin instead of the Gold Coast.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Bruying of the 25 & 26. Instant and this The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 25 & 26. Instant and this
Pday are and and agreed co day were read and agreed to.
An Account of the remainder of the Bedfords largo not yet sent to the Campa An Account of the remainder of the Bedfords Cargo not yet sent to the Campa
husband was laid before the Court pursuant to their Order the 24 Inclaut husband was laid before the Court pursuant to their Order the 24 Instant
Ordered That the said Goods be futonboard the said Ship for thwith Ordered That the said Goods be put on board the said Ship forthwith.
The Minutes of the Camittee of Accompts of this day were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of this day were read & agreed to
the Collowing Warrants Ame to £446.14.00 having pait the proper the following Warrants Am^o to £446.14.00 having part the proper
Comittees were lad before the Cout for payment, Vizt Comittees were laid before the Court for payment, Viz^t
To John Stonre To John Hoare
Bread &c Bread &c
11 11
Merman Goohy Sherman Godfry
Spirits Spirits
26 26
Phillip Landford Phillip Sandford
Tobacco &c Tobacco &c
54 54
Sundry persons Sundry persons
Demorage of Hays Demorage of Hoys
55 55
Mr Jno 1ey Mr. Jn^o. Ury
Imprect Imprect
300 300
446 14. 446 14.
Ordered, that the said Warrants be now segned and they were Ordered, That the said Warrants be now sign^d and they were
Signed accordingly in Court, Signed accordingly in Court,
A Letter from Mr Bowles Dated in Madred the 19 Iitai N.S. was read A Letter from M^r. Bowles Dated in Madrid the 19 Instant NS. was read,
And also Ancother from Mr Warde of the same date And also Another from Mr (?) of the same date
Ord Ord^d