329 329
pleasure as wo her Auswer co the Aadres of the Htawl. staue of Comons, ulan pleasure as to her Answer to the Address of the Hon^ble House of  Comons, releasing to
her Majties 4 part of the Assents &e but had not an Opportunity to Speak t h her Maj^ties 1/4 part of the Assiento & c but had not an Opportunity to Speak to her
Majy. thereupon: But would commniate the same to him in wrting a here send Maj^ty. thereupon: But would commnicate the same to him in writing either Sunday
Night last or this day: But had not heard from his Lords since Night last or this day: But had not heard from his Lords since
Presolvd that a General Cont be calld to met at Merchan Fator that Resolv^d that a General Court be call^d to meet at Merchant Tailors Hall
on Friday the 18t. Instant at 11 in the Forenoon On Special Pusness and h on Friday the 18th Instant at 11 in the Forenoon On Special Business and that
publich Novice be given thereof in Tomonows Gaxette publick Notice be given thereof in Tomorrows Gazette
Resolved that a Coutof Durcons be held an Tunday he yt hunan a Resolv^d that a Court of Directors be held an Thursday the 17th Instant at (?)
in the Foresoon in the Forenoon
A Letter of Attorney from tho Prsons to his wife, being laid before the Count A Letter of Attorney from Tho.s Parsons to his wife, being laid before the Court
Drdr that the same berefered to the Commttee of Accompts and that the give seich Ord.e that the same bereferr^d to the Commttee of Accompts and that the give such
Odirections therein as they shall see necessary directions therein as they shall see necessary
The Sud Gor acquainted the Court that the Pet of the East Jnd Comp. o be The Sub Gov:t acquainted the Court that the Pet.u of the East Ind.a Comp.a to the 
Honble House of Comons Against the further Duty on Franfers, having been ryades Hon^ble House of Comons Against the further Duty on tranfers, having been rejected
he had not thought proper to present this Coupal Petr for that purpose he had not thought proper to present this Compa. Pet.u for that purpose
Ordered that the further Cousd thereof be defaed to another time Ordered that the further Caused: in these of be deferr^d to another time
A Letter ran Capt. Cortrngeon of the Warvick of the 1t. Inscant, wared A Letter ran Capt. Partington of the Warwick of the 11th. Instant, was read
Importing that the Carpenters were came on board the sd Thip to enxlarge & build Importing that the Carpenters were came on board the s.d ship to enlarge & build
Cabbins for the Reception of the Prince of St Quens & the Marg de bike Ro Cabbins for the Reception of the Prince of (? ) Bueno & the Marg. de villa  Roche
which when compleated be would acquaint them with which when compleated be would acquaint them with
Aepo. Adjo: