463 463
that they marde their Goods and hold theuselves in readiness to go on board that they provide their Goods and hold themselves in readiness to go on board
the Stips appointed to carry them to the Several Factorys when this Court the Ships appointed to carry them to the Several Factorys when this Court
shall drect. shall drect.
The Minites of the Comittee of Buying of the 23. Intant wre read & agrd o The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 23. Intant were read & agr^d (?)
A Letter from Mr Burchat Secretary to the R: Honble the Lord of the Admially A Letter from Mr Burchet Secretary to the R^t Hon^ble the Lord of the Admirally
Adated the 22rd Tuaut Signifying their Lordps deine that some of this Court dated the 22th Instant Signifying their Lord ps desire that some of this Court
should atcoud them this forenoon, was read, should attend them this forenoon, was read,
Ordend Ordered
That the Committee of Shiping be demed to wait on the Lords of the That the Committee of Shiping be desired to wait on the Lord of the
Admiralty tomonarmorning Admirally tomorrow morning
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 23r. Inclaur were read The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 23th Instant were read
and Agreed to, And the following Acco: were by their Order laid before the and Agreed to, And the following Acco:ts were by their Order laid before the
Coaust Vizt. Court Viz^t.
An Accot. of Repairs dre to the Companys Hous, and also of Contingents An Acco.t of Repairs due to the Companys House, and also of Contingents
from May 1712 10 this time from May 1712 10 this time
And also An Accot of the profts arsing from the Cack & Tranfers, were laid And also An Acco:t of the profits arising from the Cash & Transfers, were laid
before the Cout. before the Court.
The Minices of the Committee of the House & Sevants of the 23. Inucaut were The Minutes of the Comittee of the House & Servants of the 23th Intant were
read and Agreed to read and Agreed to
Ordered That the Secretary go from time to time to Mr Oliver Martyn Ordered That the Secretary go from time to time to Mr Oliver Martyn
& pess the dispatch of the Leare of the House, in order to their being Speedily & (?) the dispatch of the Lease of the House, in order to their being Speedily
Excased. Executed.
Ordered, that the Mevioral drawn up to the Lord Townsherd and approved Ordered, that the Memorial drawn up to the Lord Townsherd and approved
of by the last Court be recomitted to the Comittee that drew up the same, And that of by the last Court be recomitted to the Comittee that drew up the same, And that
they prefre another upon the Debate of the Cout and present it to his Lord s they prepare another upon the Debate of the Court and present it to his Lord 
as soon as possble and that they meet this leaning at 6 a Clock as soon as possble and that they meet this evening at 6 a Clock
The The