352 352
The Minutes of the Committee of Shiping of the 22th 23 & 27. Iunt The Minutes of the Committee of Shiping of the 22^th 23^d & 27. Inst:
were Read and agreed to were Read and agreed to.
The Minutes of the Committee of Buying & hiping of the same The Minutes of the Committee of Buying & shiping of the same
days were Read and Agreed to days were Read and Agreed to.
A Letter from Mr Thruppe appointed President at Buenos A Letter from Mr Thruppe appointed President at Buenos
Ayres dated at Deal 25. Instant was Read. Ayres dated at Deal 25^th. Instant was Read.
Letters from Mr Bird Master of the Budnos Ayres Sloop Letters from M^r. Bird Master of the Buenos Ayres Sloop
dated 25th & 26th Instant at Dover were Read dated 25^th & 26^th Instant at Dover were Read
Ord^d, that it be Refer'd to the Comittee of shiping to ord^r.
the said Sloop to proceed or not as they shall think fit the said Sloop to proceed or not as they shall think fit
Resolved That a Ship be forthwith taken up to go to vera Crus Resolved That a Ship be forthwith taken up to go to vera Cruz
to bring home the Companys Effects there. to bring home the Companys Effects there.
Ordered That it be Referd to the Comittee of Shiping to take up
a ship of Force & Countchance for that Service accordingly. a ship of Force & Count chance for that Service accordingly.
Ordered That it be Referd to the Comittee of Correspondence Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Comittee of Correspondence
to prepare Letters to the Factory at Vora Cruy by the first conveyance to prepare Letters to the Factory at Vera Cruz by the first conveyance.
giving them an account of a ship's being designed for that place. giving them an account of a ship's being designed for that place.
Ordered That it be referd to the Committee of Shiping to Treator Ordered That it be refer'd to the Committee of Shiping to Treat[?]
with the Depty Gov for the Discharge of the St. George, and that with the Dep^ty Gov^r. for the Discharge of the S^t. George, and that
they give such directions for the unlading the said ship us they they give such directions for the unlading the said ship us they
shall think best. shall think best.
Ordered That it be referd to the Comittee off Correspondence Ordered That it be refer'd to the Comittee off Correspondence
to write to Mr Bowler to endeavour to procure a Cedula to to write to M^r. Bowler to endeavour to procure a Cedula to
permit the Loading on board the Negroe Ship the Produce of permit the Loading on board the Negroe Ships the Produce of
the Cargoe of the annual Ship. the Cargoe of the annual Ship.
Thes Minutes of the Comittee of Conspondence of The Minutes of the Comittee of Correspondence of
the the