Do. Lambert Blackwell Blackwell Acquainted the Court that he Sir. Lambert Blackwell Blackwell Acquainted the Court that he
had been with the Marg of Montelcons Secty to give him the 10 Guneas had been with the Marg^s of Mouteleon's Sec^.ry to give him the 10 Gunieas
as orderd by the last Court. But that he excusd himself from accepting thereof as orderd by the last Court: But that he excus'd himself from accepting thereof
as being for doing what he was directed by the Marg of Marteleon And Sr as being for doing what he was directed by the Marg^r of Manteleon And for
Lambert Blackwell returnd the money to Lambert Blackwell returnd the money to
The Minutes of the Camittee of the Treary of the 17. Instant, were read The Minutes of the Camittee of the Treary of the 1.&7^th. Instant, were read
and agreed to and agreed to,
The Sul Gov reported that the Comittee of Conespordence had waited on The Sub Gov^r reported that the Comittee of Conrespondence had waited on,
Mr Secy Stauhope wilh the Companys Memorial to his C M their Letters M^r Sec.^ry Stanhope with the Companys Memorial to his C.M. their Letters
to his Ex7 Mr Bubl & Mr Bowles which Mr Secy said Should be Sent to his Ex.y Mr. Bubb & Mr Bowles: which Mr Sec.^ry said Should be Sent
by Express, and that he addred an Alteration in Mr Powles’s Letter, which by Express, and that he addred an Alteration in Mr Bowles’s Letter, which
they made accordingly, and the same being read, the Cantappood thereof they made accordingly, and the same being read, the Court appov'd thereof.
Sr Fiher Tench reported that the Septy Gos & himself were bayed to the Back of S^r Fisher Tench reported that the Dep.^ty Gov^r & himself were bound to the Bank of
England for 60000 bonad for the use of the Company and desring to be indemprified therean England for 60000 bound for the use of the Company and desiring to be indempixfied thereare
Resolved. That this Company sudemputy the said Gent against any damage or charge Resolved, That this Company Iudempuety the said Gent: against any damage or charge
that may happen to them by their being so bound that may happen to them by their being so bound
The Miuntes of the Comittee of Buying of the 3d & 14h Jurant were read & agred to The Miuntes of the Comittee of Buying of the 3^d & 14^th instant were read & agreed to.
t t th
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 7. 8 & 14 Iustanct were read & agred ed The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 7^th. 8^th & 14^th Instant were read & agreed to
The said Comittehaving Rupended Daniel Wilshire one of the Clerks in the Accomptants The said Comittee having supended Daniel Wilshire one of the Clerks in the Accomptants
Office for Reglect of his duty the Count took the same into Consideracion Office for neglect of his duty the Court took the same into Consideration.
Ordered, That the said Supersion be token off but that be be hot paid any Sallary Ordered, That the said Supension be taken off, but that he be not paid any Sallary
for the time he was so Supended for the time he was so Suspended.
Thee the said D Wilthire was calld in Ancd the sad Goo in the nave of the Court There the said D. Wilthire was calld in and the sub Gov^r: in the name of the Court
gave him a Severe Reprinand for his negligence and charged the Accomptant to have gave him a Severe Reprinand for his negligence and charged the Accomptant to have
a percicularlye over him and let the Comittee of Accompts knawiflie shall hereafter fail a percicular eye over him and let the Comittee of Accompts knowiflie shall hereafter fail
in the performance of his Duty in the performance of his Duty.
Ordered, that the several Observacions made by the Committee of Accompts on Ordered, that the several Observations made by the Committee of Accompts on
the Several Accompts of Mr Wood be referrd to the Counttee of Conspondence And that the Several Accompts of Mr Wood be referrd to the Comittee of Conspondence and that
they write thereon to him & the Agents at Jamaica & Factors at Conthagena as they they write thereon to him & the Agents at Jamaica & Factors at Carthagena as they
Shall Rhunck fitt Shall think fitt
Orderd Order'd,