60 60
mo 110
Nercuri 7 Januari 1712 Mercurii 7 Januarii. 1712.
Ro a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Depty gov The Depty gov
Mr Houlditch Mr Houlditch
The Sub Gov. The Sub Gov.
Mr Desbouverie Mr Desbouverie
Sr. Meo: Tansen Sr. Mico: Tannsen
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Dolliff Mr Dolliff
Mr Actore Mr Actore
Sr. Joseph Martin Sr. Joseph Martin
Mr Durley Mr Durley
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr Ougley Mr Ougley
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Sr. Saml. Clarke Sr. Sam:^l [Samuel] Clarke
Mr Lwbridge Mr Sawbridge
Mr Tench Mr Tench
Mr Chapman Mr Chapman
Mr Shepheard Mr Shepheard
Mr Stanoud Mr Hamond
Mr Version Mr Version
Mr Canwvall Mr Carwall
Sr. James Wishart Sr. James Wishart
Mr Williams Mr Williams
65 65
The Minutes of the last Court were read, The Minutes of the last Court were read,
The Tub Govr acquainted the Caut (that the Pd. H. Treasurer The Tub Govr acquainted the Court that lie Pd. H. Treasurer
by reason of his indisposition had not been at the Treary, To that he had not by reason of his indisposition had not been at the Treary, To that he had not
had an Opportunity of presenting their Memorial for the Quarters Anuity had an Opportunity of presenting their Memorial for the Quarters Anuity
due to the Company at Rmas lact; due to the Company at Xmas [ Christmas]  last;
The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treary of the 31s pact The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treary of the 31.th  part
and also the Minutes of the Committee of Shying of the same day, were and also the Minutes of the Committee of Shiping of the same day, were
Sereaty read and agreed to Sereaty read and agreed to
Ordered Ordered
That all acrant be made out for pouynt of £41:116 to Mr That a Warrent  be made out for pouynt [payment] of £41:116 to Mr
Saml Shepheard & other Owners of the Alexander & Sparraw Gallys for Sam:^l  [Samuel] Shepheard & other Owners of the Alexander & Sparraw Gallys for
Warehouse Room & charges upon the Compays Tope fut on board the said Warehouse Room & charges upon the Companys Tope put on board the said
Ships, and all auant was Signed in Court accordingly Ships, and a Warrant was Signed in Court accordingly