281 281
refered to in the sad afgnment and that he 20. P Cunt wo he pad by the Reasaen referrd to in the said assignment and that the 20. P Cent to be paid by the [?]
be faid down at the time of Euraling & delivering the Companys Ressignenen be paid down at the time of Ensealing & delivering the Companys Reassignment
The Minutes of the Comittee of the Teanury of the 7th Instant were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of the Treasury of the 17th Instant were read & agreed to
The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 18 & 20t Instant, were read & agred t The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 18th & 20 th Instant, were read & agreed to
The minutes of the Comittee of the House & Servants  of 19 23th Inst. were read &
Ordered
That Mr Chapmnans Proporal therein menconed for Surcendring the Car That Mr Chapmans Proporal therein menconed for Surrendring the [?]
of his House & taking a New one from the Company be recomidtted to the said Committee of his House & taking a New one from the Company be recomitted to the said Committee
The Mundes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 17th Intant, were read & agreed to, te The minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 17th Intant, were read & agreed to, &
The Sub Governor Acquainted the Court that he lad on the 19th Instant presented to be The Sub Governor Acquainted the Court that he had on the 19th Instant presented to be
House of Comons An Account of the sum Sotal of which the Companys sock didcaut House of Comons An Account of the sum Total of which the Companys stock did [?]
on the 25 of December last which was drawn up by the said Comittee of Acconpl on the 25 th of December last which was drawn up by the said Comittee of Accompts
Mr Clarke the Companys Pollicitor laid before the Court the Companys Annoer to a Mr Clarke the Companys Sollicitor laid before the Court the Companys answer to a
Bill in Chancery Signed by Mr. Awrasly the Company Council brought against the Bill in Chancery Signed by Mr. Annesley the Company Council, brought against the
Company by Edmurd Wright relating to ₤2394. 6. 11 Stock in the Name of Company by Edmund Wright relating to ₤2394. 6. 11 Stock in the name of
Edward Allen; And the same was read Edward allen; And the same was read
Ordered that the Comittee of the Treasury cause the Comon Teal of the Comp Ordered that the Comittee of the Treasury cause the Comon Seal of the Company
to be affered to the said Answer And that John Gugsby Cartify in the Minite book of to be affixed to the said answer and that John Grigsby certify in the Minite book of
said Comittee that the sum menconed in the said Answer Agrees with the Comty said Comittee that the sum menconed in the said answer agrees with the Companys
Books And that Mc Clarke attend the Couse, to far as relates to this Company at t Books And that Mr. Clarke attend the Cause, to far as relates to this Company at the
Cots of the Planteff. Costs of the Plantioff.
Aggo. Adjo^d