4 165
money due from the Company to his Majesty by vertue of the Assiento money due from the Company to his Majesty by vertue of the assiento
in such manner as he shall judge bett for the Company's Service, and in such manner as he shall judge belt for the Company's Service, and
that he endeavour to obtain Orders for paying here the several that he endeavour to obtain Orders for paying here the several
Assignments made on the company by His Majeity._ assignments made on the company by His Majeity._
Ordered That it be Referd to the Comittee of the Treasury to examine Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Comittee of the Treasury to examine
what money has been remitted to Mr Bowles, and to consider of remitting) what money has been remitted to M^r Bowles, and to consider of remitting
what is necessary to compleat the Payments he is to make at Madrid. what is necessary to compleat the Payments he is to make at Madrid.
A Bill of Exchange drawn by the Bunor Ayres Tactory dated the A Bill of Exchange drawn by the Bunos ayres Factory dated the
9. March Vast for 230 p of ly was precented to the Court. 9^th March last for 2300 ps of 8/8 was presented to the Court.
Ordered That the Cashier accept the said Bill and that Mr Bowles Ordered That the Cashier accept the said Bill and that M^r Bowles
pay the same. pay the same.
Ordered That the Eashier adjust the Bari of Silver into Sterl Ordered That the Eashier adjust the Bare of Silver into Sterl
sent by the Governour of Buenos Ayres by the Warurck, and that the sent by the Governour of Buenos ayres by the Warwick and that the
Comittee of Correspondence write to Mr Bowles to pay the same to the Comittee of Correspondence write to M^r Bowles to pay the same to the
said Governours Order. said Governour's Order.
Ordered That it be Referrd to the Comittee of Correpondence Ordered That it be Referr'd to the Comittee of Correpondence
to prepare Instructions to the Captn of the 150 Jun Ship going to to prepare Instructions to the Capt^n of the 150 Tun Ship going to
Buenas Ayses as also Letters & instructions to the Factery there Buenos ayres as also Letters & instructions to the Factery there
Mr Thruppe Cheif at Buenss Ayret having given in his Security M^r Thruppe Cheif at Buenos ayres having given in his Security
was called in and took the Oaths prescribed by the Charter. was called in and took the Oaths prescribed by the Charter.
Ordered That an Imgrest Warrant of Two hundred & fifty pounds Ordered That an Imprest Warrant of Two hundred & fifty pounds
as a Quarters Salary advance and another of Five & twenty pounds for as a Quarters Salary advance and another of Five & twenty pounds for
Irech Provisions be made to the said Mr Thruppe, and the said Warrants Fresh Provisions be made to the said M^r Thruppe, and the said Warrants
were signed in Court. were signed in Court.
The Franlation of a Litter from the Governour of Buener Ayres The Tranlation of a Litter from the Governour of Buener ayres
dated there the 30th May last was Read, and Referd to the Comissee of dated there the 30^th May last was Read, and Refer'd to the Comittee of
Conespondence. Conespondence.
Letter from the Tactory at Janame dated the 10th & 20t of agril Letter from the Factory at Panama dated the 10^th & 20^th of april
last were Read. last were Read.
Ordd Ord.^d