Rinslf & Sr. Wm. Plapsuar war if to him whe gave then a Cory of a Menorial himself & Sr. W^m. Chapman went up to him who gave them a Cory of a Memorial
in Sparish, which is now translated and desired an Auswer thereto in Spanish, which is now translated and desired an answer thereto.
And the said Memorial was read, and the said Memorial was read,
Ordered that the said Memonal be referd to a Comittee co- draw up on the Ordered that the said Memorial be referrd to a Comittee co- draw up on the
Debate of the Court such Remarks thereon as may be necessary to be given to the Debate of the Court such Remarks thereon as may be necessary to be given to the
Rt Honble the Lord Tawnshend, and lay the same before the Court And that Rt Hon^ble the Lord Townshend, and lay the same before the Court and that
the Sub Gov Depty Gov: Sn James Dolliffe Sr Wm Chapuan Sr Theo the Sub Gov Depty Gov: S^r James Dolliffe S^r Wm Chapman S^r Theo
Sansen Mr Blune & Mc Gore be that Committee, whereof 3 to be a Quor Janssen Mr Blunt & Mr. Gore be that Committee, whereof 3 to be a [?]
Ordered Ordered
That the said Countlee Lay before my Lord Townsheud the Papers That the said Comitee Lay before my Lord Townshend the Papers
containing the difficulties on the assicnts & two Liceses, which were delivered containing the difficulties on the assicento & two Licenses, which were delivered
to the Lord Baliugbroke and the Lords Justices or suchports thereof as Shall to the Lord Bolingbroke and the Lords Justices or such ports thereof as Shall
be thought proper. be thought proper.
Ordered that it be referd to the Comittee of Stuing to apply to the P Ordered, that it be referrd to the Comittee of Shiping to apply to the R^t
Houble the Lords of the Treasury for an Order to remove the Oabrigs Hon^ble the Lords of the Treasury for an Order to remove the [?]
Herifordr and Schocks from on board the Elzabeth into some Merchant Ship Herlfords and Schocks from on board the Elzabeth into some Merchant Ship
bound to Inmaica bound to Jamaica
Ordered That a Court of Diectors be held on Friday next at 9 a clock Ordered That a Court of Directors be held on Friday next at 9 a clock
The Minutes of the Comnittee of Stuping of the 16. Buut were read, The Minutes of the Comnittee of Shiping of the 16. But were read,
Resolved, that it is necessary that Coalling be provided for the Nagroes that Resolved, that it is necessary that cloathing be provided for the Negroes that
are to be crried in the present shiping from Angola to Buesor Ayres are to be carried in the present shiping from Angola to Buenos ayres
Ordered that that part of the said Munites relating to the Cloathing for Ordered that that part of the said Minutes relating to the Cloathing for
the Negroes be recomitted to the Committee of Suying the Negroes be recomitted to the Committee of Shiping
Resleed Resolved
That Capt. Mabbott Comrs of the Indian Quen be prmitted to That Capt. Mabbott Com^dr of the Indian Queen be permitted to
Carry the Goodr menconed in Apaifer laid before the Court for his private Carry the Goods menconed in a paper laid before the Court for his private
Adverture Adventure