409 409
accordingly in the following manner Ext. accordingly in the following manner viz^t.
Chief Chief
Dr Thomas Dove Dr Thomas Dover
Resland Martin Richard Martin
second second
Tird Third
Henry Newland Henry Newland
A Buenor Ayres A Buenos Ayres
Fouth Fourth
Teremah Mount Jeremiah Mount
Fifth Fifth
Joreph D. Lannoy Joseph D. Lannoy
Tixk Sixth
Wm Shilps W^m. Shilps
Chief Chief
cialer Thorowgood. _ Catalin Thorowgood,
Second Second
Thomas Bedell Thomas Bedell
Third Third
Wm. Clarke W^m. Clarke
At La Vera Cuz At La Vera Cruz
Fourth Fourth
John Newcon John Newcon
Fifth Fifth
John Shode John Strode
Paid Catton David Patton
Sixth Sixth
Cuck Chief
James Cum James Pym
second second
Arlur North Arthur North
Wm Bunisted W^m. Bunisted
Trd Third
A Carthageia At Carthageia
Fouth Fouth
Jno Camberlege Jn^o Camberlege
Fift Fifth
Jomes Blake James Blake
Sick Sigth
Thomas Bacon Thomas Bacon
Ordered, that it be refend to the Committee of the Assento to Consider & report Ordered, that it be referrd to the Comittee of the Asseinto to Consider & report
to the Court, what Security will be necessary to be given by the said respective ofcers to the Court, what Security will be necessary to be given by the said respective officers
what prrledges shall be granted to them, When their Sallarys Shall commence what priviledges shall be granted to them, When their Sallarys Shall commence
and such other things as may be necessary to be done for the good Establishment of and such other things as may be necessary to be done for the good Establishment of
the said Factorys the said Factorys
Ordered, That Such persorns as have this day dedid the Companys Bonds as e Ordered, That Such persorns as have this day desir'd the Companys Bonds as e
a List laid before the Court by the Cashiee, Amcounting to £18150: be admited. And a List laid before the Court by the Cashier, Amcounting to £18150: be admitted. And
that the Seal of the Company be now shutt until further order, that the Seal of the Company be now shutt until further order,
Ordered, That it be referrd to the Committee of the Treasury to Consider of & Lay Ordered, That it be referrd to the Committee of the Treasury to Consider of & Lay
before the next Court, An Account of what money the Occasions of the Company will before the next Court, An Account of what money the Occasions of the Company will
require_ require_
Agod Adjo^d: