169
A Deputation for the Buenos Ayres Factory and also an Instrument A Deputation for the Buenos Ayres Factory and also an Instrument
Revoking Captn. Dover from continuing in the Companys Service were head Revoking Capt^n. [Captain] Dover from continuing in the Companys Service were head
and agreed to and agreed to.
Ordered that the Committee of the Treasury cause the Seal of the Comey Ordered that the Committee of the Treasury cause the Seal of the Company
to be affeed to the said Instruments and also to the Certificates for the buenos to be affixd to the said Instruments and also to the Certificates for the buenos
Ayres Sloop that she is in the Service of the Company. Ayres Sloop that she is in the Service of the Company.
A Bill of Exchange drawn by the Purser of the Warwick in favour A Bill of Exchange drawn by the Purser of the Warwick in favour
of the Company on the Comrs. of the Victalling for 1477 p s for necessarier of the Company on the Com.^rs [Commissioners] of the Victalling for 1477 [ps] for necessarier
supplied the Warwick by the Factory at Buenos Ayret was said befores supplied the Warwick by the Factory at Buenos Ayret was said befores
the Court. the Court.
Ordered That the said Bill be delivered to the Cashier in order to his Ordered That the said Bill be delivered to the Cashier in order to his
receiving the same. receiving the same.
The Minutes of the Committee of Shiping of 25th Instant were The Minutes of the Committee of Shiping of 25^th[25th] Instant were
Read Eagreed to Read &agreed to
Thee being a Vacancy among the Companys Wadd Dyer There being a Vacancy among the Company's Wadd Dyer.
Resolved That this day fortnight be appointed for the Choice of a Resolved That this day fortnight be appointed for the Choice of a
Wadd Duge to fill up the said racancy Wadd Duge to fill up the said vacancy.
Ordered That the Instructions to Captn Bewes of the Kingston Ordered, That the Instructions to Capt.^n[Captain] Bewes of the Kingston.
Frigat for a voyage to Duenor Ayres which were sidned in the last Frigat for a voyage to Duenor Ayres which were signed in the last
Court, and also those drawn up for the Buenos Ayres Sloop bound Court, and also these drawn up for the Buenos Ayres Sloop bound
to the same place be Reler'd to the Examination of the Comittee of to the same place be Refer'd to the Examination of the Comittee of
Correspondence. Correspondence.
Ordered that it be Referd to the Soint Committee of Buying and Ordered that it be Referd to the Joint Committee of Buying and
Shiping to consider of sending a ship forthwith to Vera Crug to bring Shiping to consider of sending a ship forthwith to Vera Crug to bring
home the Companys Effects, and that they report their Opinion to the home the Companys Effects, and that they report their Opinion to the
next Court. next Court.
A Letter from the Companys Factory dated at vera Our the 16th A Letter from the Company's Factory dated at vera Our the 16.^th
August last inclosing Tills of Lading & Invories of the money and August last, inclosing Bills of Lading & Invocies of the money and
Goods ship'd on board the Elizabeth and the St George for the Co Goods ship'd on board the Elizabeth and the S.^t George for the Co
Account Account