42 57
Morure 3 June 173. Mercuru 3 Junu 1713.
Nt a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Sub Gov. The Depty Gov The Sub Gov. The Depty Gov
Sr. Theo. Sansen Sr. Theo. Sansen
McAstell Mr.Astell
N. Jno Lambert Sr. Jn.^o Lambert
Mc Acton Mr.Acton
Sr Joseph Martin Sr. Joseph Martin
Mr J Plunt Mr. J Blunt
Mr Master Mr. Master
Sr. Saml Clarke Sr. Sam.^l Clarke
Mr Ougley Mr. Ougley
Mr Chapman Mr. Chapman
Mc Leynold Mr. Reynold
MrcCawwall Mr,Cawwall
Mr Lawbridge Mr. Lawbridge
Mr Doliffe Mr. Dolitte
Mr Sceplieard Mr. Shephard
Mr Dunley Mr. Dunley
Mr Vernon Mr. Vernon
Mc Hamae Mr. Hamond
Sr James Weshart Sr. James Wishart
Mr Haulditcl Mr Houlditch
Mr Williams Mr. Williams
Te Muntes of the last Cantwae read The Minutes of the last Court were read
The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 2d Instant were read & agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 2.^d[day]Instant were read & agreed to
And the King of Spams Passes for two ships of 5 02 600 Tuis each to go with Good And the King of Spains Passes for two ships of 5 02 600 Tuns[tons] each to go with Goods
to the Northern Ports of the spaniste west Indies having been trauslated by the Secretary to the Northern Ports of the Spanish West Indies having been translated by the Secretary
ouct of the Spaiseinto English was laid before the Countandread out of the Spanish into English was laid before the Court and read,
Then the Assients or Contract grauted by the King of Spoin for Conrying Negror to the Spanish Then the Assiento or Contract granted by the King of Spain for Carrying Negro's to the Spanish
West Jidies as hawslated from the Spauiae into English was by order of the Courtread West Indies as translated from the Spanish into English was by order of the Court read
Articleby Article, Article by Article,
And the Court made Several Observacons on the 9th 11.13. 22 25. 28 36 & 39 articles And the Court made Several Observacons on the 9.^th 11.13. 22 25. 28 36 & 39.^th articles
and defared the further Consideracon thereof to another time and deferrd the further Consideracon thereof to another time.
the Court also Obrive, that no mention is made (that the Ship of 500, Timns which the Court also Observe, that no mention is made (that the Ship of 500, Tuns which
may go with Goods to the Spanishlwest Judies Yearly may bring back the Peturies of may go with Goods to the Spanish West Indies Yearly may bring back the Refuses of
the proced of the Cargo, or that the Company bring back such Petures the proced of the Cargo, or that the Company bring back such Refuses.
Raod Adjo.^d