936 936
Mr Cleeve imediately go Post to Portsmouth and go on board the said shep M.^r Cleeve imediately go Post to Portsmouth and go on board the said ship
with such Persons as he shall think fit to take to his Assistance and come with such Persons as he shall think fit to take to his Assistance and come
up in her to Long Reach to take care that no money or Effects be landd up in her to Long Reach to take care that no money or Effects be landd
fromon beard her, and that he don't Leave the Ship till further vrde from on beard her, and that he don't Leave the Ship till further order
Ordered That Letters be writ thereupon to Captn. Vincent and Ordered That Letters be writ thereupon to Capt,^ [Captain]Vincent and
to Mr Ary and Letters were writ accordingly and Signed in Court, to M.^r [Mr] Ary and Letters were writ accordingly and Signed in Court.
Ordered That it be Referd to the Comittee of Shiping to discourse Ordered That it be Referd to the Comittee of Shiping to discourse
Mr Jones Captn. Vinients Clerk now in Town in relation to what has been M^r Jones Capt.^n [Captain] Vinients Clerk now in Town in relation to what has been
brought home in the Elizabeth in Private Trade: he having the bills of brought home in the Elizabeth in Private Trade: he having the bills of
Lading in his custody. Lading in his custody.
Ordered That it be refer'd to the Comittee of Shiping to give directon Ordered That it be refer'd to the Comittee of Shiping to give directon
Setver ont in frint hae for delivering out the Silver when brought to this house to such as appear Silver [brought] onto in private trade for delivering out the Silver when brought to this house to such as appear
to them to be the Real Proprietors without any doubt, and to take up to them to be the Real Proprietors without any doubt, and to take up
to be dd to be dd[ deliver]
the Bills of Lading for the same, and to secure the freight wnuch the Bills of Lading for the same, and to secure the freight which
but tr to be paid but tr.^t [freight] to be paid
shall Appear to be due to the Captn, And where they find any Suprcion shall Appear to be due to the Capt.^n,[Captain] And where they find any Supicion
to lay the same before the Court. to lay the same before the Court.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Corrispondence of the 25th Tnct. The Minutes of the Comittee of Correspondence of the 25.^th[25th] Tnct.
were Read. were Read.
Ordered Captn Trahee have Liberty to ship on board the Kinglon Ordered Capt.^n [Captain] Trahee have Liberty to ship on board the Kingston
Frigat for Buenos Ayres the Trunk of Wearing apparrel for the awof Frigat for Buenos Ayres the Trunk of Wearing apparrel for the awof
Mr Aylward as he has desired M^r. [Mr] Aylward as he has desired.
Resolved That the Sungeon at Buenor Ayres be not of the Council Resolved That the Sungeon at Buenor Ayres be not of the Council
except when there are not 3 of the Tactory on the Place (exclusive of except when there are not 3 of the Factory on the Place (exclusive of
the Surgeon) in which cale the Surgeon shall be of the Council and the Surgeon) in which case the Surgeon shall be of the Council and
not otherwise. not otherwise.
Ordered that it be Referd to the Committee of Shiping to give direta Ordered that it be Referd to the Committee of Shiping to give directions
to Captn Beves of the Kingston Frigat to take on board the Coach for the to Capt^n [Captain] Beves of the Kingston Frigat to take on board the Coach for the
Governour of Buenor Ayres and the necessaries for Mr Thruppe and wt Governour of Buenor Ayres and the necessaries for M^r. [Mr] Thruppe and wt
other Goods remain of the Company's after the ship is Loaded be brought other Goods remain of the Company's after the ship is Loaded be brought
back and put into the Company's Warchouse. back and put into the Company's Warehouse.