458 458
Faturys Forfict Pvorsou Gratuitys For fresh Provisions
To James Cyn To James Cyn
Arthur North Arthur North
John Carsons John Parsons
John Newton John Newton
An Bunpeeed An Bunpeted
£25 £25
25: 25:
25: 25:
25 25
25 25
125 125
Mwhich Warrauts were segnd pursuant to Ordr of the Court the M which Warrants were sign.^d pursuant to Ord.^r of the Court the
3d. Putant 3.^d Instant
Ordered That it be refard to the Comntlee of the Treasury to Affly to the P Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of the Treasury to Apply to the R.^t
Houble the Lords of the Treary for the paymt of £1425:158 remaining due Hon.^ble the Lords of the Treary for the paymt of £1425:15 8 remaining due
to the Compay on Accot of taking in Subsciptions to the Stock of the Company to the Compay or Accot of taking in Subscriptions to the Stock of the Company
And also for the 264. 181 due to Mr Sett And also for the 264. 181 due to Mr Sett
The Draft of a Secunty Boid prefored for Mr. Boles appouised the Companys The Draft of a Security Bond prepared for Mr. Bowles appointed the Companys
Agent at Madied, was read and Agreed to, And Ordered to be Eegrofsed for him Agent at Madrid, was read and Agreed to, And Ordered to be Eegrofsed for him
and this Secuitys for thwith Executing the same and this Securitys for ? Executing the same
The Instructions drawn up for the said Mr Bowles having been revided by the The Instructions drawn up for the said Mr Bowles having been revised by the
Comitle of Consepondance pursant to recomittencent of the Coustle 3 Iuace Comittee of Corespondance pursant to recomittment of the Court the 3.^rd Instant
Ordered, that the same be hransibed far Ad laid before the 1ext Count to Ordered, that the same be transacted fair And laid before the is.^t Court to
becgued. be signed.
Supplimencal Instructions to Capt. Mabbort of the Tudian Queen & Capt Supplimental Instructions to Capt. Mabbort of the Indian Queen & Capt
Pound of the Eone, reloting to ther dispocal of thei Cagoes of Negioes at Bound of the Europe, relating to their dispocal of their Cagoes of Negroes at
Bulnor Ayres in Car the Compays Officers should not be there at their Buenos Ayres in Cars the Compays Officers should not be there at their
arival were read and Agreed to and Signed in Court arival were read and Agreed to and Signed in Court
Ordered that the said Intructions be 2 Seut to the said respective Ordered that the said Intructions be sent to the said respective
Comanders forthwith Comanders forthwith
Resolved That the Clare of the Companys Offices for Jamaica and Resolved, That the Choice of the Companys Officers for Jamaica and
the the