224 224
Ordered That t berefered to the Comitte of Buying to consider why h Ordered That it berefered to the Comitte of Buying to consider what Goods
are fitting to be sent by the Sloop bought to go to Buenos Ayres are fitting to be sent by the Sloop bought to go to Buenos Ayres.
Ordered That the Committee of Shipping transmit to the Comittee of Bu Ordered That the Committee of Shipping transmit to the Comittee of Buying
an account of the Tunage of What haval stores they shall think nuli an account of the Tunage of What naval stores they shall think [  ]
to be sent in the said Koop to be sent in the said [Sloop]
The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 19th. Inst. were Ru The Minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 19th. Inst. were Read
and Agreed to and Agreed to
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 24th. Inst. were Ru The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 24th. Inst. were Read
and Agreed to and Agreed to
The following Warrants having pass'd the Roper Committees were t The following Warrants having pass'd the Roper Committees were said
before the Court for Payment vizt. before the Court for Payment vizt.
To Christopher Jackson To Christopher Jackson
Monch & Beastew Monch & Beastew
John Wheatly & C John Wheatly & C
Math Bromfeild Math Bromfield
John Billers & Steph. Aynsworth John Bitters & Steph. Aynsworth
Tosiph Windmell & Co Josph Windmell & Co
Richard Mount & C Richard Mount & Co
for Guns for Guns
180:-:- 180:-:-
Dying Cloths Dying Cloths
111:15 111:15
Do Do
143:7:- 143:7:-
Do Long Eels Do Long Eels
104:11:- 104:11:-
Annabasses Annabasses
200p 200p
Dyall Dyall
10:10 10:10
Stamp Stamp
451:1:- 451:1:-
512/212 512/212
Ordered That the said Warrants be now signed; And the same wand Ordered That the said Warrants be now signed; And the same vessel
signed in Court accordingly signed in Court accordingly
Letters from Mr Dudley Woodbridge dated at Barbadoes the 3tai Letters from M^r Dudley Woodbridge dated at Barbadoes the 31st [ ]
2d & 16t Janry last were Read 2d & 16t January last were Read
Ordered That the said Letters be Referrd to the Comittee of Comiyanrd Ordered That the said Letters be Referr'd to the Comittee of Correspond
and that it be an Instruction to the said Comittee that they consider al and that it be an Instruction to the said Comittee that they consider act
Report to the Court their opinion relating to the Licensing the sate of Report to the Court their opinion relating to the Licensing the sale of
Regroes to the Windward Coast Negroes to the Windward Coast
Ordered That the several accounts mentioned in the said Letter o Ordered That the several accounts mentioned in the said Letter &
referrd to the Comittee of accounts referr'd to the Comittee of accounts
Ordered That the Clerk to the Comittee of Shipping deliver to Ordered That the Clerk to the Comittee of Shipping deliver to
Knight the Cashier, the Bulse of Gold brought by Captn Herle of the Me Knight the Cashier, the [Bulse] of Gold brought by Capt^n Herle of the [  ]
Frigat, and that the Cashier Get the same Essay'd & dipposed of Frigot, and that the Cashier Get the same Essay'd & dipposed of
& Ordend & Ordered