244 244
484 484
Resolved N.C. that the Count of Directors do attend Hhis Royat Resolved N.C. that the Count of Directors do attend His Royal
Highness with their humble Acknowledgment for the honour he is pleased to Highness with their humble acknowledgment for the honour he is pleased to
do the company in becoming a Exqpictor do the Company in becoming a Proprietor.
Regped Ac Resolved N.C.
That this Court do humbly dene of His Royal Highness That this Court do humbly disire of His Royal Highness
the further stanour of permitting them is Nominate His Royal Highness the further Honour of permitting them is Nominate His Royal Highness
for their Governor at the next Election and to Assue His Royal Highness for their Governor at the next Election and to Assune His Royal Highness
of the hearty Endeavaus of this Court that the same may be unauimous by all of the hearty Endeavours of this Court that the same may be unanimous by all
the Propictors the Proprietors.
Ordered that a Comittee be appointed to wast on Hhis Royal Highness Ordered that a Comittee be appointed to wait on His Royal Highness
to know when he will please to be attended by this Court, in order to Acquaint to know when he will please to be attended by this Court, in order to acquaint
His Royal Highness with the above Reslutions And that Sr Theo: Tausten His Royal Highness with the above Resolutions and that S^r Theo: Jausten
Mr Fellowes, Sr. Harct Maiter, Sr. Wm Chapman Sr. Jame Dolliffe Mr M^r Fellowes, S^r. Harct Maiter, S^r. W^m . Chapman S^r. James Dolliffe M^r.
Plie, Mr Houlditch & Mr Gore be that Comittee Blunt, M^r . Houlditch & M^r. Gore be that Comittee
Resolved Resolved
That the Cevice of Go0: Sub Goo: & Depty Gov: of this Comp That the Choice of Gov^r: Sub Gov^r: & Dep^ty Gov^r : of this Comp
be on the 7 Feb ne & And that for Directors on the 3d of the Rnne Month be on the 1^st Feb next  and that for Directors on the 3.^d of the Same Month
And that notice thereof be given in the wo next Gareties And in the Garence And that notice thereof be given in the wo next Gazettes And in the Gazette
of Tueday Senut of Tuesday Senut
Ordered, that it be refend to the Soint Comittees of Brying & Stuing to Ordered, That it be refend to the Joint Comittees of Buying & Shiping to
give directions for taking out of the Elszabeth Such Goods and putting on board give directions for taking out of the Elizabeth Such Goods and putting on board
of her Suchollers as they shall thuck proper and that the Stowing thereof be of her Such others as they shall think proper and that the Stowing thereof be
abso left to the said Commttee and that they tive the necessary Hoys for that also left to the said Comittee and that they tive the necessary Hoys for that
purpose and that they meet on Munday morning 10 a clock and that purpose and that they meet on Munday morning 10 a clock and that
Capt. Vincent be desed to abtend them together with the Companys Cap^t. Vincent be desired to attend them, together with the Companys
Senveyors Serveyors
The Court Signed Supplimautal Instructions to Capt Johnson of the The Court Signed Supplimental Instructions to Cap^t Johnson of the
Anglesy for his poceding diectly to Catagua on Po. Bello Anglerey for his poceeding directly to Cathagena or P^o. Bello.
Aapod. Adjo .^d