L o aela t tad se Mr Doente e e at 2 Whether he had seen Mr Dowdall between the 16th & 17th part
Yes, And lead ashd him leave to tell the Truth Yes, and had ask^d him leave to tell the Truth
What said Mr Moor to Mr Doudall when he cause into the Coam What said Mr Moor to Mr Dowdall when he came into the Room
He dos not remember. He do's not remember.
what was the first discourse at Mr Moors after he was gove acc what was the first discourse at Mr Moors after he was gone out?
Conceuving the Proporal Concerning the Proposal
What was the design of their Matring ar Mr Moors What was the design of their Meeting ar Mr Moors
It was to propore the Matter of the Cargo It was to propose the Matter of the Cargo
Weather at the Meting at Mr Moors any dicourse happend relating to the Whether at the Meeting at Mr Moors any discourse happen^d relating to the
Coarts & Ports & Trade, in the Spanish West Indiesr Coasts & Ports & Trade, in the Spanish West Indies?
there was And the Capt. was very well satified therewith there was And the Capt. was very well satified therewith
Whether be heard that Mr Dowdall was to go to Compleenient the Vice Roy Whether he heard that Mr Dowdall was to go to Complimentt the Vice Roy
He has heard so, but cane tell whether it was before or after the Meeting at Mr He has heard so, but can't tell whether it was before or after the Meeting at Mr
Moors. Moors.
Whether he had prepaid or bought any Goods Whether he had prepar^d or bought any Goods?
No, because Mr Dowdal had not Declard what share he would be concerned No, because Mr Dowdal had not Declar^d what share he would be concerned
Men Mr De Coana dened to wite doren what e an he he athe Then Mr De Costa was desired to write down what discourse he had with
Mr Moor About ayrarago, in relation to Carryingon a pade, which he did accordingly Mr Moor abiut a year ago, in relation to Carrying on a Trade, which he did accordingly
and is as follows, vnt and is as follows, viz^t
He ownd that he had some discourse with Mr Moor about a year ago in relation to He own^d that he had some discourse with Mr Moor about a year ago in relation to
Careying on a Trade, but it procueded from Mr De Coctas being inforced, that there was Carrying on a Trade, but it proceeded from Mr De Costa's being inform^d, that there was
10 P et Tonnage resavd for some people abroad 10 P cent Tonnage reserv^d for some people abroad
Then the Cet being Informed, that Capt. Johnon attended he was calld in Then the Court being Informed, that Capt. Johnson attended he was call^d in,
And what Mr Moor declared the 29t part was read, And what Mr Moor declared the 29th part was read,
&nd Capt. Johnon bengatd whalle le had ay hing to Oect to whar Mr Moor And Capt. Johnon being ask^d whether he had any thing to Object to whar Mr Moor
had