333 333
Ordered That the Comittee of the Treasury after the Seal of the Ordered That the Comittee of the Treasury after the Seal of the
Company to One ft of the Charterparties for the Kingston Frigat and Company to One [?] of the Charterparties for the Kingston Frigat and
Indian Queen and to the Certificate in Spanich & English that they are Indian Queen and to the Certificate in Spanish & English that they are
umployed in the Service of the Company. unployed in the Service of the Company.
Ordered That it be Referrd to the Committee of Buying to put such Ordered That it be Referr'd to the Committee of Buying to put such
part of the Cargoe prepared to be sent to Buenos Ayres on board the part of the Cargoe prepared to be sent to Buenos Ayres on board the
Kington as they shall think best for the Companys Interest. Kingston as they shall think best for the Companys Interest.
The Instructions prepared for Capt. Bewes Comander of these The Instructions prepared for Capt^n. Bewes Comander of these
Kington Frigat Bound to Buenos Ayres were Read, agreed to and Kington Frigat Bound to Buenos ayres were Read, agreed to and
signed in Court. signed in Court.
A Letter from Mr Burchett Secretary to the Rt: Thonls the A Letter from Mr Burchett Secretary to the R^t: Hon^ble the
Lords of the Admiralty dated yesterday Lords of the admiralty dated yesterday
Ordered That it be Referd to the Committee of Shiping to give Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Committee of Shiping to give
the necessary Orders for taking out of the Elizabeth the Effects belonging the necessary Orders for taking out of the Elizabeth the Effects belonging
to the Company. to the Company.
Letters from the Factory at Vera Crug dated the 20th May and Letters from the Factory at Vera Cruz dated the 20th May and
15th August last were Read 15th August last were Read
A Letter from the Comrs. of the Navy dated 23d. Inch desiring paymt. A Letter from the Com^rs. of the Navy dated 23^d. Inch desiring paym^t.
of £7.15.3. for Severalneussarce supplied the Company's Factory of £7.15.3. for Several necessaries supplied the Company's Factory
at Buenos Agres was Read at Buenos agres was Read
Ordered That a Warrant be signed for Payment of the said Sum Ordered That a Warrant be signed for Payment of the said Sum
and a Warrant was signed in Court accordingly and a Warrant was signed in Court accordingly
Letter from Capt. Vinient of the Elizabeth dated at St Hellen the Letter from Capt^n. Vincent of the Elizabeth dated at St Hellens the
rabeth arrivd from Elizabeth arriv'd from
22d October 1716 and another from Mr Shorowgood dated at the same 22d October 1716 and another from Mr Thorowgood dated at the same
inbrud Vera Cruz
time & Place were Read. time & Place were Read.
Ordered That Mr ay mediately go Post to Portmouth and Ordered That Mr [?] imediately go Post to Portmouth and
Captn Lemon to the Downs to take Care of what is on board the Capt^n Lemon to the Downs to take Care of what is on board the
Elizabeth Elizabeth