145 148
Resolved That it is the opinion of this Court that it is for the Resolved That it is the opinion of this Court that it is for the
ae ey . to hire a ship of
Interest of the Company to here askip of 750 Tuns for the annual ship Interest of the Company to hire a ship of 750 Tuns for the annual ship
Rassagegs  Tons for 5 voyages
for Five Voyage. for Five Voyages.
Then the Court proceded to the reading the Proposals made by Then the Court proceeded to the reading the Proposals made by
Coll Raymand Captn Panuwell & Mr Kirby for building & Letting a Colb^o Raymand Capt^n[ Captain] Panuwell & M^.r [ Mr.]Kirby for building & Letting a
Ship of 750 Duns for the Companys annual ship, and they were Ship of 750 Tuns for the Companys annual ship, and they were
Severally called in and acked if these were their Lowert offect, The Severally called in and asked if these were their Lowest offers, The
Two Latter said they were. But Coll Raymond agreed that if the Two Latter said they were. But Coll.^o Raymond agreed that if the
ship should be imployed any Voyage Less than 12 Months, then to be ship should be imployed any Voyage Less than 12 Months, then to be
allowed Twelve hundred & fifty pounds P month, If Twelve Months allowed Twelve hundred & fifty pounds P [Per]month, If Twelve Months
or Longer then Twelve hundred pounds p month, The Voyage to Comence or Longer then Twelve hundred pounds p month, The Voyage to Comence
from his Entrance into whole pay: he likewise agreed to some amendment from his Entrance into whole pay: he likewise agreed to some amendment
to his Proposal to his Proposal.
The Court acquainted the Several Gent. that it was expected The Court acquainted the Several Gent^n.[ Gentleman] that it was expected
that in Case the ship should be lost in the First, Second. Third or that in Case the ship should be lost in the First, Second. Third or
Fourth Voyage, then a ship of the like Tunage to be provided for Fourth Voyage, then a ship of the like Tunage to be provided for
Performance of the remaining voyages. they agreed to the same, Performance of the remaining voyages. they agreed to the same,
Then Coll. Raymond withdrew. And the Court put the Quction. Then Colb^o. Raymond withdrew. And the Court put the Question
WKaymond Agred Raymond agreed
by Balot whether they should Agree or not agree with Coll. Raymond by Balot whether they should agree or not agree with Colb^o Raymond
& thild askep by to build a ship by 
on his Proposition with the Amendments, and they agreed. And on his Proposition with the amendments, and they agreed. and
plnnt next
he was acquainted therewith, And desired to put the ship in hand he was acquainted therewith, And desired to put the ship in hand
forthwith that so the may be finished by April next. forthwith that so the may be finished by april next.
Ordered That Mr Knight Receive or Pay such Debentures as hall Ordered That M^.r[ Mr.] Knight Receive or Pay such Debentures as shall
be brought him in payment for Snuff sold at the Candle according be brought him in payment for Snuff sold at the Candle according
to the Preamble of the Sale. to the Preamble[?] of the Sale.
The Court understanding that the Spanish Consul was without The Court understanding that the Spanish Consul was without
He was called in, and he acquainted the Court that the Marquis of He was called in, and he acquainted the Court that the Marquis of
Monteleon Ordered him to acquaint them that the New Convention being Monteleon Ordered him to acquaint them that the new Convention being
Returned Returned.