Ordered That it be Referd to the Toint committee of Buying & Shipin Ordered That it be Refer'd to the Joint comittee of Buying & Shiping
to Examine Mr Shorowgood in relation to the Companys affairs at to Examine M^r . Thorowgood in relation to the Company's affairs at
vera Cruz and also his Papers and accounts brought from thence Vera Cruz and also his Papers and accounts brought from thence.
Ordered That Mr Shorowgood attend the said Committee on Friday Ordered That M^r . Thorowgood attend the said Comittee on Friday
next and also from time to time as occasion shall Require, with his next and also from time to time as occasion shall Require, with his
Capers & Accounts. Capers & Accounts.
And Mr Shorowgood attending was called in and the sub And M^r . Thorowgood attending was called in and the Sub
Governour acquainted him with the said orders Governour acquainted him with the said orders.
Ordered that it be left to the Committee of the Treasury to dispose Ordered That it be left to the Comittee of the Treasury to dispose
of the Company's money brought in the Elizabeth of the Company's money brought in the Elizabeth
fom Veralruy, 10 fom Vera Cruz, 10
as shall be most for the advantage of the Company. as shall be most for the advantage of the Company.
A Letter from Mr Bowles dated at Madrid the 26th pait was A Letter from M^r . Bowles dated at Madrid the 26th . part was
Read & Refer'd to the Comittee of Correspondence Read & Refer'd to the Comittee of Correspondence. -
Sr. Lambert Blackwell laid before the Court a Letter which S^r . Lambert Blackwell laid before the Court a Letter which
he had reced from Mr Anthony de LaRlose signi fying the Marquis he had reced from M^r . Anthony de LaRose signifying the Marquis
of Montelions desire that the Company would advence his Excell e of Monteleons desire that the Company would advance his Excell^.y
Two thousand Two hundred & Eighty six pounds Ten shillings for Two thousand Two hundred & Eighty six pounds Ten shillings for
half a Years allowance due the 30th. December next, upon the King. half a years allowance due the 30^th. December next, upon the King.
of Spain's Codula granted the said Marquis. of Spain's Cedula granted the said Marquis.
Ord. That it be Referd to the Committee of the Treasing Ord^d, That it be Refer'd to the Comittee of the Treasury
to advance the said sum to the Marquie, as he desired upon his to advance the said sum to the Marquis, as he desirer, upon his
Obligation to pay the same. Obligation to pay the same.
1aj Adj