459 459
the Caraccas br on Wedneeday Fortright the Caraccas be on Wednesday Fortnight
The General Intructions to the Companys offices appointed for Carthagena The General Intructions to the Companys officers appointed for Carthagena
were read and agreed to And Ordered to be trancribed for and laid befre were read and agreed to And Ordered to be trancribed for and laid before
the next Court and the like Mucate inwands for the others Factorys. the next Court and the like Mutates instances for the others Factorys.
Orddered Thos Mr Bend et Tiskellanghe hove leave to clarge One of the sege Ordered That Mr. Benedict[?] have leave to charge One of the securitys
And the having propored Mr Hen Clarke Eacker in Petl Alley inread of Mr John Tamas And the having propored Mr. Hen Clarke Packer in Bell Alley instead of Mr John Thomas
the Court appoved thereof the Court appoved thereof
The sollowing persons took the Oaths appoinded by the Clarter for their repective The following persons took the Oaths appointed by the Charter for their respective
offices Vizt offices Viz.^t
Mr Robt Cica Mr. Rob.^t Cica
Mc Geo Baoles Mr. Geo Baoles
Mr James Eym Mr. James Eym
Mr John Newton Mr. John Newton
Mr John Parsons Mr. John Parsons
DGo Doere Sr. Thio Dover
Mr Catlin thorowgood Mr. Catlin Thorowgood
Mr Sus Cumberlege Mr. In.^o Cumberlege
Mr Arth North Mr. Arth.^r North

Ordered Ordered
that the Secretary write to the several Officers who have nor &ec that the Secretary write to the several Officers who have not yet
taken the Oath that they attend noxt Cour day to take the same taken the Oath that they attend next Court day to take the same
Ordered that the Committee appoited to consider of the Marg of Mauteleous Ordered that the Committee appoited to consider of the Marg.^r of Mauteleous
Memorial do from time to time confer with Mr Melluen going Memorial do from time to time confer with Mr. Melluen going
Ambassador to spain, relating to the Affairs of the Company and that they Ambassador to Spain, relating to the Affairs of the Company and that they
thereupon draw up such matters as may be proper for his Informacion and lay thereupon draw up such matters as may be proper for his Informacion and lay
the same before the Court, And that Sr. Harct Macter & Sr Jno Lambert the same before the Court, And that Sr. Harc.^t Macter & Sr Jn.^o Lambert
beadded to that Comittee beadded to that Comittee
St Teo: Sanssen reporced that the Bank Agrees to take the £59669 Sr.Theo: Sanssen reported that the Bank Agrees to take the £59669
10:3 Malt Tallys, Vict 25000 the middle of next week and all the rect 10:3. Malt Tallys, Viz.^t 25000 the middle of next week and all the rect
before Rimas next from time to time as the Occasions of the Company srl before Xmas next from time to time as the Occasions of the Company shall
require in no less Sums than £5000 at a time provided a Note be given require in no less Sums than £5000 :at a time provided a Note be given