1o ednesday 3 Aug. 1715.  Wednesday 3 Aug^t:[August] 1715.
At a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The SubGovernour The Sub Governour
Mr. Blunt Mr. Blunt
Mr Sellowes Mr Fellowes
Mr Soye Mr Joye
Sr. Lamb Blackwell Sr. Lamb^t[Lambert] Blackwell
Mr. Gare Mr. Goze
Sr. Harcourt Master Sr. Harcourt Master
Mr Caswall Mr Caswall
Mr Gibbon Mr Gibbon
Mr. Pitt Mr. Pitt
Sr. William Chapman Sr. William Chapman
Mr Houlditch Mr Houlditch
Mr Oage Mr Page
Mr. Cluter Mr. Charter
Mr Hamond Mr Hamond
Coll Raymond Coll.^o[Colonel] Raymond
Mr Durley Mr. Durley
Mr Hays Mr Hays
Mr Read Mr Read
Mr. Horsey Mr. Horsey
Mr Delaporte Mr Delaporte
Mr Lawbridge Mr Sawbridge
Mr Jacobsen Mr Jacobsen
Mr Eyles Mr Eyles
Ml Minces of telas Can ree read, The minutes of the last Court were read,
The Sub Gov. Reforted that pursuant to the Resolution of the General Court The Sub Gov:^r[Governor] Reported that pursuant to the Resolution of the General Court
of the 29t pact the had presented to the Htonble Hous of Commons the Companys of the 29 part the had presented to the House of Commons the Companys
proposition for raising £822052.4. 8 for the use of the publick And that the same proposition for raising £822052.4. 8 for the use of the publick And that the same
had been referred to the Comittee of ways and Means and agreed to by the House had been referred to the Comittee of ways and Means and agreed to by the House
Ordered, That a Comittee be appoinced to take care of the Companys Interest in Ordered, That a Comittee be appointed to take care of the Companys Interest in
the Bill which is to be brought in to the House of Comons upon the said proponition the Bill which is to be brought in to the House of Comons upon the said proposition
and that if they sa Occasion, they take the Opinion of Cauncil thereon and that when and that if they see Occasion, they take the Opinion of Council thereon and that when
they shall judge it necessary they acquaint the sub Gov in order to the Sumon y they shall judge it necessary they acquaint the sub Gov:^or in order to the Sumon g
a Court of Directors And that the Sub Gov Mr Plun St Harct Master, Mr a Court of Directors And that the Sub Gov^r[governor] Mr Blunt S^r[Sir] Harct Master, Mr
Fellowes, Mr Gibbon Mr Citt, Mr Lawbridge Mr Eyles, Mr Gore, Mr Fellowes, Mr Gibbon Mr Pitt, Mr Lawbridge Mr Eyles, Mr Gore, Mr
Houlditch & Sr Lambert Blackwell be that Committee, Houlditch & Sr Lambert Blackwell be that Committee,
Sr: Ord^d[ordered]