Then I old the Capt. That las Men must be Secret on the Spaih Cast To which he Then I told the Capt. That las Men must be Secret on the Spanish Coast To which he
ausideed that I was intirely Iquoraut of a Seamaus Character answer^d that I was intirely Ignorant of a Seamans Character
The Capt said that as to the Laces or Fanders Goods he could send his Eunace or The Capt said that as to the Laces or Flanders Goods he could send his (?) or
Long Boat from the Duoy in the Nore to the Downes and take thee in Safely Long Boat from the Buoy in the Nore to the Downs and take them in Safely
That Tuesday the 15th Inta Iaccdentally mett Capt. Johnson by Garways That Tuesday the 15th Instant I accidentally mett Capt. Johnson by Garways
Coffee house, who cold me his Order was chauged and said some body had playd tun Coffee house, who told me his Order was changed and said some body had play^d him
a Trich and that he would be reveigd, and askd me whether Mr Moor had never spoke a Trick and that he would be reveng^d, and askd me whether Mr Moor had never spoke
tome of this Bunness Iansored him that he never spoke any thing of it to we to me of this Business I answer^d him that he never spoke any thing of it to me
Ddirectly or indiectly only what Mr De Corta Spole to ee in your presence conversing directly or indiectly only what Mr De Costa Spoke to me in your presence concerning
that matter, that he said he did brleive the South Sea Comprny had some light of that matter, that he said he did beleive the South Sea Company had some light of
that Affair between him Mr. De Corta & myself and did beleeve that Call of Us that Affair between him Mr. De Costa & myself and did beleive that (?) of Us
would be aalld before them would be call^d before them
The Cout being Informed, that Mr Moor attended was called in The Court being Informed, that Mr Moor attended was called in
And he Declared that knowing the Lord Polingbroke had letters frau spain And he Declared that knowing the Lord Bolingbroke had letters from Spain
desiring that one of the ships which was to cary the Companys Factors might call desiring that one of the ships which was to cary the Companys Factors might call
at ladie to take on board the Prince of Sr Bueno, he waited the 22th May last on at (?) to take on board the Prince of (Sr) Bueno, he waited the 22th May last on
be Lord Bolingbroke relaring thereto and that he Lord & told him the Anglesy the Lord Bolingbroke relating thereto and that his Lord p told him the Anglesey
was orderd to go that boyage, that he acquainted his Lords that Capt Johnson was orderd to go that voyage, that he acquainted his Lords that Capt Johnson
was a brish Genteelman he owred that he did write to Capt Johnson, and that he was a brisk Genteelman he own^d that he did write to Capt Johnson, and that he
said to the Capt. that if the behaved himself well it would be an Advantagious said to the Capt. that if the behaved himself well it would be an Advantagious
boyage. that upon a Letter from Capt Johnson of the 25th May to him, he attended voyage. that upon a Letter from Capt Johnson of the 25:th May to him, he attended
the Lord Bolingbroke & desired that drections might be given for the Dispatch the Lord Bolingbroke & desired that directions might be given for the Dispatch
of the Anglesay of the Anglesey
He beleeved that Capt. Johnsous Voyage was atterd by a Representation He beleived that Capt. Johnsons Voyage was alter^d by a Representation
a a
from the Adverally the 2d Instant, and read An Etract from Mr Clarke to from the Admiralty the 2d Instant, and read An Extract from Mr Clarke to
that purpose. that purpose.
He cured that he did appoint a Meeting at his house with Mr De Corta Capt He own^d that he did appoint a Meeting at his house with Mr De Costa Capt
Chnson at the request of Mr De Corta, that he sent the Night before to Mr Dowdall Johnson at the request of Mr De Corta, that he sent the Night before to Mr Dowdall
that he would be there, that when they were there be desired Mr Dowall to give that he would be there, that when they were there be desired Mr Dowdall to give
Capt. Johnson Information relaring to the Spauick Coast, Capt. Johnson Information relating to the Spanish Coast,
He He