340 340
full for the Princes Picture, and that the said Gent. give directions full for the Princes Picture, and that the said Gent^n. give directions
for bringing the same to the Companys house. for bringing the same to the Company's house.
The minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 1. & 6th Sut The minutes of the Comittee of Buying of the 1^st. & 6^th Inst
were Read & agred to were Read & agreed to.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 1. & C. Sutar The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 1^st. & 6^th. Instant
were Read. were Read.
Resolved That the Comittee of Shiping be Impower'd to treat Resolved That the Comittee of Shiping be Impower'd to treat
with the Owners of Ships for taking up the necessary ship for with the Owners of Ships for taking up the necessary ships for
Buenorayres in Proper Season, and that it be an Instruction to the Buenos Ayres in Proper Season, and that it be an Instruction to the
said Committee, that they have regard to the Tunage for Bringing Said Comittee, that they have regard to the Tunage for Bringing
home the Hides already bought. home the Hides already bought.
Ordr. That it be Referd to the Comittee of Riping to divoned Ord^rd That it be Refer'd to the Comittee of Shiping to ducourse
Captn. Bewes of the Kingston Frigat in relation to the Indemnity Capt^n. Bewes of the Kingston Trigat in relation to the Indemnity
mentioned in their said minutes, upon thedebate of the Court. mentioned in their said minutes, upon the debate of the Court.
Ord, That it be again recomended to the Soint Comittee of Ord^d That it be again recomended to the Joint Comittee of
Buying & Shiping to consider of sending a ship forthwith to sa Vee Buying & Shiping to consider of sending a ship forthwith to La Vera
Cruy to bring nome the Companys Effects and that they Report their Cruz to bring home the Company's Effects and that they Report their
opinion to the next Court opinion to the next Court.
Ordered That it be Referd to the said Joint Comittee to give Ordered That it be Refer'd to the said Joint Comittee to give
directions for Lading on board the Kingston Frigat such Part of directions for Lading on board the Kingston Trigat such Part of
Mr Thrupper necessaries a they shall See Proper M^r Thruppe's necessaries as they shall See Proper
The Minutes of the Comittee of accounts of the 1t. & 6r. Instant The Minutes of the Comittee of accounts of the 1^st. & 6 ^th. Instant
were Read were Read
Ordered That Mrs Bedell's Letter of Attorney for receiving ta Ordered That M^rs . Bedell's Letter of Attorney for receiving half
her husband's Salary for the last half year be Recomited to the her husband's Salary for the last half year be Recomitted to the
said Committee upon the Debate of the Court, and that they Report said Comittee upon the Debate of the Court, and that they Report
their Opinion thereupon to the Court. their Opinion thereupon to the Court.  
A