132 132
Ordered That it be referied to the Committee of Shipping to give Ordered That it be referied to the Committee of Shipping to give
directions for Grinding 62 Baga of the Companys Snuff if they find it directions for grinding 62 Bags of the Companys Snuff if they find it
necessary necessary
Resolved That the Masters of the Ships hired for Africa & Quenos Resolved That the Masters of the Ships hired for Africa & Buenos
Ayres, be not allowed any private Trade out or home. Ayres, be not allowed any private Trade out or home.
Resolved That the masters of the Ships hired for afrea and the Resolved That the masters of the Ships hired for africa and the
West Indies be not allowed any private Trade outward bound West Indies be not allowed any private Trade outward bound
Resolved. That the Masters of all ships hired by the Company for Resolved. That the Masters of all ships hired by the Company for
Regroes be allowed 5 Negroes in every 105 Negroes instead of 4 in 104 negroes be allowed 5 Negroes in every 105 Negroes instead of 4 in 104.
delivered alive for their Comission in Lieu of the Private adventure. delivered alive for their Comission in Lieu of the Private adventure.
they have hitherto been permitted to carry to africa. they have hitherto been permitted to carry to africa.
Ordered that it be referrd to the Comittee of Shipping to enquire Ordered that it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shipping to enquire
whether there is any ship in the River proper for the Company's Annuel whether there is any ship in the River proper for the Company's Annual
ship, and treat with the Owners for the hire of her. as also with any ship, and treat with the Owners for the hire of her. as also with any
Person who will build such a ship and let her to the Company and Person who will build such a ship and let her to the Company and
likewise to discourse some Shipwrights on what Terms, and in what likewise to discourse some Shipwrights on what Terms, and in what
time they will build such a ship: and report the same to the Court. time they will build such a ship: and report the same to the Court.
The Minutes of the Committee of Accounts of the 21t. Inst. were The Minutes of the Committee of Accounts of the 21t. Inst. were
Read & Agreed to except what relates to the Method of making the Read & Agreed to except what relates to the Method of making the
next Dividend, the Consideration whereof was adjourned till the next next Dividend, the Consideration whereof was adjourned till the next
Court. Court.
The following Warrants having pass'd the Proper Committees were The following Warrants having pass'd the Proper Committees were
laid before the Court for Payment vizt laid before the Court for Payment vizt
To Samuel Shipheard Esqr for Gunpowder To Samuel Shepheard Esq^r for Gunpowder
£422:10:- £422,10-
Peter Joye Esqr Peter Joye Esq^r
for Iron for Iron
442:15:- 442:15-
for Blue. Bafts for Blue. Bafts
John Elwrick sC John Elwick & C^o
28010- 280.10-
for Muskets for Muskets
139:10:- 139.10:-
Wm Towerby W^m Sowerby
for Guns for Guns
139:6:- 139.10
Christop Jackson Christop^r Jackson
for Do for D^o
Humphrey Pickfat Humphrey Pickfat
66:19:- 66.19-
Carrie Over Carried Over
£1491:14:- £1491.14-