Friday 9 April 1714. Friday 9^th April 1714.
H6a Court of Directors At a Court of Directors
Present Present
The Deputy Governor The Deputy Governor
Mr Htamoud Mr Hamoud
Mc Astell Mr Astell
Tr. Theo: Taussen Sir. Theo: Taussen
Mr Acton Mr Acton
Sr. Joseph Martin Sr. Joseph Martin
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr Master Mr Master
Sr. Saml. Clarke Sr. Sam^l. Clarke
Mr Lawbridge Mr Lawbridge
Mr Clasman Mr Chapman
Mr Verson Mr Verson
Mr Carwall Mr Carwall
Tr. Jnc Williams Sr. Jn^o Williams
Mr Dolliffe Mr Dolliffe
Mr. Duley Mr. Duley
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Shl Mene f lt Catandend The Minutes of the last Court were read,
Te Deputy Govenor Repored from he Couitle afainred to atterd Councill The Deputy Govenor Reported from the Comittee appointed to attend Council
upon the Drafts of the Assigument of the Assiente & the Seledules to be aundeed upon the Drafts of the Assigument of the Assiento & the Schedules to be ammened
Assisamt thereto (that purreant to the Directions of the Court of the 7th Instant, tlay had this Assisament thereto (that purmant to the Directions of the Court of the 7th Instant, they had this
Assients Assiento
day with the Companys Council attended the Lord Bolugbroke at his Office at the day with the Company's Council attended the Lord Boluigbroke at his Office at the
Cock Pitt, where Mr Auator Htarley, the Attorney & Solicitor General Mr Lawides Cock Pitt, where Mr. Auditor Harley, the Attorney & Solicitor General Mr. Lawides
Mr Moor were present, And the several Alterations made by the Queens Council & Mr. Moor were present, And the several Alterations made by the Queens Council
to the Trafts of the Assigument & Schedules, were severally read over & debated to the drafts of the Assigument & Schedules^b, were severally read over & debated
Conseuted & agreed to according to the Rstructions given to the sd Couittee, Except Conseuted & agreed to according to the instructions given to the s^d Comittee, Except
in the folowing puriculars, t which with amendin. were agreed io, zt. in the following particulars,^ t which with amendin^ts. were agreed to, vizt.
(that instead of (to any Copration) (he assigiees arcnot to Assign or haw for (that instead of (to any Copration) (the assigiees are not to Assign or transfer
to the Royal Apican Company or to any intrust for them to the Royal African Company or to any in trust for them
that iistead of 5 days, it be8 days before the lact day allowd to the Grautees that instead of 5 days, it be 8 days before the lack day allowd to the Grautees
orfaying in their money that the company is to pay in their Marey for paying in their money that the company is to pay in their Money
Odly Odly
3 3