300 300
Resolved That a Committee be appointed to draw up an humble adied Resolved That a Committee be appointed to draw up an humble address
to be presented to his Majesty returning the Thanks of the Company to be presented to his Majesty returning the Thanks of the Company
for His Majesty's Interposition in their Afairs lately depending at Medne for His Majesty's Interposition in their Affairs lately depending at Madrid
and that the SubGovernour Dept Governour Mr Townshend Sr. True and that the SubGovernour Dep^ty Governour M^r Townshend S^r. Hall
Master. Sr. Fisher Tench. Sr Lambert Blackwell, Mr Blunt MrGore Master. S^r Fisher Fench. S^r Lambert Blackwell, M^r Blunt M^r gore
Mr Houlditch & Sr. William Chagman, or any three of them be that M^r Houlditch & S^r. William Chapman, or any three of them be that
Comittee. Comittee.
Ordered That the Sub & Dept Governours be desired to give the Ordered That the Sub & Dep^ty Governours be desired to give the
Thanks of the Company to the Lord Townshend, Mr Stanhope and Thanks of the Company to the Lord Townshend, M^r Stan hope and
Mr Methuen for the Assistance they have given the Company in their M^r Methuen for the assistance they have given the Company in their
Afairs. affairs.
The Court signed the Instructions to Capt. Peal of the Caghane The Court signed the Instructions to Cap^t. Peal of the Clapham
and Capt. Inelgrove of the Prince. and Capt^n. Snelgrove of the Prince.
Ordered That the Comittee of the Treasury affie the Seal of the Compn Ordered That the Comittee of the Treasury affair the Seal of the Company
to One part of the Charter parties of the said ships and to the Certificate to One part of the Charter parties of the said ships and to the Certificates.
The Court according to the By Law on that behalf took up the Afreiar The Court according to the By Law on that behalf took up the african
Gally by Ballot for a voyage to the Gold Coast for 230 Negroes Samaua Gally by Ballot for a voyage to the Gold Coast for 230 Negroes Jamaica
and the Spanish West Indies and the Spanish West Indies.
Ordered That the Committee of Duying provide a Proper Cargee for Ordered That the Committee of Buying provide a Proper Cargee for
the said Ship the said Ship.
Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Shiping to consider Ordered That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Shiping to consider
how far the Comanders may purchase Negroes beyond the Number agae how far the Comanders may purchase Negroes beyond the Number agreed
for and Report the same to the Court. for and Report the same to the Court.
The Court proceeded (according to Order/ by Bollot to the Choic The Court proceeded (according to Order) by Bollot to the Choice
of a Cherf for Buena Aures, The Candidates being Mr Thomas Ty of a Cheif for Buena ayres, The Candidates being M^r Thomas Fryee
Mr Edward Gould Mr Gilbert Hore, Mr Cha: Read & Mr John Thruges M^r Edward Gould M^r Gilbert Horr, M^r Cha: Read & M^r John Thruppe
And the Subsovernour declared Mr Thruppe had the Majority and and the Subsovernour declared M^r Thruppe had the Majority and
he was called in and acquainted that he was chosen during the pleasure he was called in and acquainted that he was chosen during the pleasure
of the Court, that he was to give Two thousand pounds Scurity and ha of the Court, that he was to give Two thousand pounds Security and that
the prepare himself as seon as may be to depart? the prepare himself as soon as may be to depart.
Drdly Ord^d