The Minutes of the Committee of Shiping of the 22d. Instant The Minutes of the Committee of Shiping of the 22d. Instant
were Read. were Read.
Ordered That it be Referd to the said Comittee to pay such Ordered That it be Referd to the said Comittee to pay such
Frees to the Searchers on account of the Companys Goods as they shall Frees to the Searchers on account of the Companys Goods as they shall
think reasonable. think reasonable.
A Letter from Mr Tobias Sheldrake Purser of the Elizabeth A Letter from Mr Tobias Sheldrake Purser of the Elizabeth
of the 22th Instant desiring an allowance for the Extraordinary of the 22th Instant desiring an allowance for the Extraordinary
Expence he has been at for Candles during the Stowing & unstowing Expence he has been at for Candles during the Stowing & unstowing
the Company's Goods on board her was Read. the Company's Goods on board her was Read.
Ordr That the said Letter be Referd to the Committee of Ordr That the said Letter be Referd to the Committee of
Shiping, for their doing therein as they shall judge reasonable. Shiping, for their doing therein as they shall judge reasonable.
Ord. That the Secretary write to the Secretary of the Afrian Ord. That the Secretary write to the Secretary of the Afrian
Company deuring a comittee may be appointed of that Company to Company deuring a comittee may be appointed of that Company to
meet the Comittee of Shiping to adjust all matters relating to the meet the Comittee of Shiping to adjust all matters relating to the
Freight of negroes by such ships as went out by vertue of the Freight of negroes by such ships as went out by vertue of the
Agseement with the said Company. Agseement with the said Company.
The Minutes of the Committee of accounts of the 22th. Intent The Minutes of the Committee of accounts of the 22th. Intent
were Read. were Read.
Ordered That the caue relating to Mrs Hancock mentioned Ordered That the caue relating to Mrs Hancock mentioned
in the said Minutes be carried by the parties concern'd to Mr in the said Minutes be carried by the parties concern'd to Mr
Anneiley for his opinion upon the whole mutter. Anneiley for his opinion upon the whole mutter.
A Warrant for Impreting to Mr Richard Mount the sum of A Warrant for Impreting to Mr Richard Mount the sum of
Thirty six pounds One shilling & two pence on account of Stamps wee laid Thirty six pounds One shilling & two pence on account of Stamps wee laid
before the Court for payment. before the Court for payment.
Ordr. That the said Wanant be now signed, and the same wa Ordr. That the said Wanant be now signed, and the same wa
Signed in Court accordingly. Signed in Court accordingly.
The The