158 158
to continue in the Downs tillfiur ther Order And that they do every thing lo t to continue in the Downs till for ther Order And that they do every thing (?) that
is necessary in order for delivering the said Arus is necessary in order for delivering the said Arues
A Letter from the Company Factors at Carthagena Dated the 1t Augur to A Letter from the Company Factors at Carthagena Dated the 1st August last
giving an Account of their Procedings in the Companys Affairs there wased giving an Account of their Procedings in the Companys Affairs there was read
Ordered, That the said Letter be refard to the Comittee of Comsporderce Ordered, That the said Letter be referr^d to the Comittee of Correspondence
And that they write in auswer to such part thereof as they shall think neate And that they write in answer to such part thereof as they shall think were (?)
for the present, to be sequed by the Comittee and forwarded by Express to the Bibhe for the present, to be signed by the Comittee and forwarded by Express to the Bedford
at Torbay at Torbay
Ordered that the Comittee of Buyng forthwith pravide the severdl Ordered that the Comittee of Buying forthwith provide the several
perticulars mentioned by the Factory at Carthagona for Presents to the Pap perticulars mentioned by the Factory at Carthagena for Presents to the Royal
Officers in order to be sent by the first Ship to Jamaica, And the Comttee of Thy Officers in order to be sent by the first Ship to Jamaica, And the Comittee of Shiping
the Medicies and necessary es wanting at said Factory the Medicines and necessaryes wanting at said Factory
A Letter from Mr Wood Dated at Janeaica the 1 Sept. was read And A Letter from Mr Wood Dated at Jamaica the 1st Sept. was read And
referred to the Comittee of Conespondence referr^d to the Comittee of Correspondence
A Letter from Messrs Clhompon Monis & Batter Dated at Samaica the 24 A Letter from Mess^rs Thompon Morris & Pratter Dated at Jamaica the 24th
August last was read, and refered to the Comittee of Conespondence August last was read, and referr^d to the Comittee of Correspondence
A Letter from Capt Lielt of the Bedford Dated at Torbay the 30 October 1r A Letter from Capt Liell of the Bedford Dated at Torbay the 30th October 1712
wasread, was read,
ACepon At. Chnrsr of the Anglary Doed in the Desras gongen A Letter from Capt. Johnson of the Anglesey Dated in the Dowies giving an
Account of his Arrival from the west Judes, was read Account of his Arrival from the West Indies, was read
A letter from Mr Henry Henicks Dated this day Craying to be rimnburd A letter from Mr Henry Henricks Dated this day Praying to be reimnursed
the charge he was at in removing some Siletia Limeus belonging to the the charge he was at in removing some Siletia Linens belonging to the Co.
out of the Kings ware house into a Hambio Ship, when the Custanhous a out of the Kings warehouse into a Hambio Ship, when the Custom house was
in great danger of being burnt, by the late dreadful fie, was read, in great danger of being burnt, by the late dreadful fire, was read,
Ordered. That be same berefird to the Comite of Beysig to be Ordered. That be same be referr^d to the Comittee of Buying to do
therein as they shall soe propere therein as they shall see proper
Adjouned. Adjouned.