202 202
The Mence of ta Conteof Thegeng f h 6. 8 41. Inan ae asd ege t The Minutes of ta Comitte of shiping of the 6. 8. & 13. Instant were read & agreed to
The Count proceded according to the By Law in that behalf and took up by Ballor to The Court proceeded according to the By Law in that behalf and took up by Ballot [ ] Royal
Apicafor 240 Negrow for a boyage to the Gold Coast & the Spanis Wer Ren Africa for 240 Negroes for a boyage to the Gold Coast & the Spanish West Indies
Ordered, That the Comitte of Beying mepare aprope Cago for pinchaen e Ordered, That the Comittee of Buying prepare a proper Cargo for purchasing the
said Regroe said negroes.
Ordered, that the Castier got the 17800 Levis de Ore & 5 Suges of C Ordered, that the Cashier got the 17800 Lewis de Ore & 5 [ ] of Gold
ree from Haland Smilted & paid to the Bank in discharge of the Cmpany t rec.^d from Holland and [ ] & paid to the Bank in discharge of the Company [ ]
to them to them
The Mences of the Comittee of the Treary of the 6 &9. Intanc ware read tague The Minutes of the Comittee of the [ ] of the 6 &9. Instant were read & agreed
A Letter from Capt Dover & Mr MistleRwayte Dated at Busnor Aypes the 17t hu A Letter from Cap.^t Dover & Mr MistleRwayte Dated at Busnor Aypes the 17t hu
last was read, last was read,
Ordered, Tae the Comittee of Accompts Examin & refore the Cart of the Corpy Ordered, Tae the Comittee of Accompts Examin & refore the Cart of the Corpy
Regroes purchased by Capt Hterle of the Wilesture & Capt Bound of the Eure ad Regroes purchased by Capt Hterle of the Wilesture & Capt Bound of the Eure ad
the teat produce of the said Regives at Bunar Ayes with their Obevarous te the teat produce of the said Regives at Bunar Ayes with their Obevarous te
A Letter from Capt Dodson of the Prince of Wales Daced at Lawigs the 1st Aug A Letter from Capt Dodson of the Prince of Wales Daced at Lawigs the 1st Aug
and another from him dated at Quenor Ayres were read, and another from him dated at Quenor Ayres were read,
A Letty from Capt Bound of the Europe Dared at that place the 5d Dec larran A Letty from Capt Bound of the Europe Dared at that place the 5d Dec larran
A Letter fom Capt. Mabbott of the Indian Queen Dated the 26 Nov lartwana A Letter fom Capt. Mabbott of the Indian Queen Dated the 26 Nov lartwana
A latte from Capt: Degory Hale of the Wilohure Trigat Deced at Bieear Gyus A latte from Capt: Degory Hale of the Wilohure Trigat Deced at Bieear Gyus
the 7 Decr last was read the 7 Decr last was read
A letter from Capt. Partengion of his Majeties Thip the Warvick Dated at Peuat A letter from Capt. Partengion of his Majeties Thip the Warvick Dated at Peuat
Ayres the 24t Nov. last was read Ayres the 24t Nov. last was read
At Ctr fram Capt. Seson of the Wm & Sarch Dated at Dover the 8 Interegan At Ctr fram Capt. Seson of the Wm & Sarch Dated at Dover the 8 Interegan
an Account of his Arrival from Buenar Ayres, was read, an Account of his Arrival from Buenar Ayres, was read,
The Comsiltation Book of the Factory at Bunar Ayres was read The Comsiltation Book of the Factory at Bunar Ayres was read
Ordered that the said Book to gether with the Several Letters & pps p Ordered that the said Book to gether with the Several Letters & pps p
the Factory at Bussor Ayres be referrd to the Comittee of Conspondence And le the Factory at Bussor Ayres be referrd to the Comittee of Conspondence And le
report to the next Court their Opinion what is fitt to be done therein iorer to report to the next Court their Opinion what is fitt to be done therein iorer to
taking the same into Consideration taking the same into Consideration
Irdd that the Camittee of Shiping be Impowerd to treat with a Comittee Irdd that the Camittee of Shiping be Impowerd to treat with a Comittee
of the last Jnd Comp about purchasing Regr on the Iland of Madagaral of the last Jnd Comp about purchasing Regr on the Iland of Madagaral