26 26
Tage in the Page in the
16 16
Court Book Court Book
That the Accompt do every week Cay in to the hands of the Cachier what That the Accompt^t: do every week pay in to the hands of the Cashier what
70 70
moneys he shall receive on Accot of Transfers and that the Casheer do upon moneys he shall receive on Acco^t: of Transfers and that the Cashier do upon
Receipt of the sd money from time to time Examine the number of the Receipt of the s^d. money from time to time Examine the number of the
Tranferrs that have been made from the las time he Reced the Moneye Tranferrs that have been made from the last time he Reced the Money
of the Accompt to the time he receives the same again and that the Com- of the Accompt^t: to the time he receives the same again and that the Com-
mittee of Accompts shall once in every kalendar Month Peexamine the mittee of Accompts make once in every kalendar Month ]preexamine] the
Samce & see that the Travefore maney be duly Rrot to the peoper Account Same & see that the Transfer money be duly [Rrot] to the proper Account.
That no meny be fred by the Cather on any accot. but by peticular want That no money be paid by the Cashier on any acco^t: but by perticular [want]
Ditto Ditto
Segued in Court or by Order of Court. Segued in Court or by Order of Court.
18 18
75 75
That All lersons who traueferr stock by Letter of Attorney (notwillistanding That All persons who transferr stock by Letter of Attorney (not with standing
the same may concein other Rigr) shall Leave the Original with the the same may concern other things) shall Leave the Original with the
Accomptant before he be permitted to Nawfar And that all hawfers Accountant before he be permitted to transferr And that all tranferrs
6y Letters of Attorney Adudhacon & Pobats of Wills be Exstared in the by Letters of Attorney [Adm] & Probate of Wills be Entered in the
Franfere Book prepored for that piupose transferr Book prepared for that purpose.
81 81
That the be the following standing Comittees, Vizt That there be the following standing Comittees, Viz^t.
Buyngl Warchoauses. Accompts Buying Warehouses. Accompts
Shiping Shiping
Correspondence Correspondence
Treasury Treasury
House & Servants House & Servants
20 20
that no Director be of the Comittee of Buying & Wore Houces & also of tle that no Director be of the Comittee of Buying & Warehouses & also of the
82 82
Comittee of Steping at the same time Comittee of shipping at the same time
That the Secuetary or any in his office do not take above half a Crown for any That the Secretary or any in his office do not take above half a Crown for any
Letter of Attorney they shall make for hawfeuing of Stock, Including the Letter of Attorney they shall make for transferring of Stock, Including the
Stancss Stamps.