393 393
the Companys Goods on board his Majesties Ship Warwick under the Companys Goods on board his Majesties Ship Warwick under
his Command into the llizabeth and Bedford, and also the Copy his Command into the Elizabeth and Bedford, and also the Copy
of an Order from the Earle of Beckley to said Captain were Severall of an Order from the Earle of Beckley to said Captain were Severally
read and there being a Letter from Mr Burchet Secretary to the read and there being a Letter from M^r. Burchet Secretary to the
Lords of the Admiralty to the same purpose Lords of the Admiralty to the same purpose
Mr Blunt from the Committee of Shiping acquainted the fourt M^r. Blunt from the Committee of Shiping acquainted the court
that the Companys Surveyors were gone to the Downes to remove that the Companys Surveyors were gone to the Downes to remove
the said Goods if they saw it practicable the said Goods if they saw it practicable
The Minutes of the Committee of the Treasury of the 13t The Minutes of the Committee of the Treasury of the 13^th.
14. 17 & 20. Instant were read and agreed to 14^th. 17^th & 20^th. Instant were read and agreed to
Ordered Ordered
That it be referd to the Committee of Buying That it be refer'd to the Committee of Buying
to Settle the Bils of the Fackers Dyers and other Tradismen of to Settle the Bils of the packers Dyers and other Tradesmen of
the Company to be laid before the Court for payment the Company to be laid before the Court for payment
The Minutes of the Committee of Correspondence of the 1th Jnst The Minutes of the Committee of Correspondence of the 11^th Inst.
were read and Agreed to were read and Agreed to
Resolver Resolved
That this Day Fortnight be appointed for Crosing That this Day Fortnight be appointed for Choosing
of Officers to go abroad in the Companys Service, and that Publick of Officers to go abroad in the Companys Service, and that Publick[public]
Notice be given thereof in the Two next Gaxets and also at the Notice be given thereof in the Two next Gazets and also at the
Gate of the Comp: House and upon the Exchange Gate of the Comp^a: House and upon the Exchange
The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 19th Instant wee The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 19^th Instant were
read and agreed to. read and agreed to.
Ordered Ordered
That it be recomended to the Committee of Buying That it be recomended to the Committee of Buying
to Compleat the Cargos intended for the Two License Ships with to Compleat the Cargos intended for the Two License Ships with
all possible Expedition all possible Expedition
The SubGovernrs reported that the Committee pursuant to The SubGovern:^rs reported that the Committee pursuant to
the Order of the Court had waited on their Excllencys the Lords the Order of the Court had waited on their Excllencys the Lords
Sathig Justices