172 172
Ordered that the said Reasous or durected to His Cathalick May Ordered, that the said Reasons or directed to His Catholick Maj.^ty
Ordered That the same be writh fir and that the Comite of Concsparin Ordered, That the same be writt fair and that the Comittee of Corespondence
wait on Mr Secretary Stanhope with a Copy for his perusal and appobation wait on Mr Secretary Stanhope with a Copy for his perusal and appobation
The Minutes of the Comittee of Corepondence of Yeterday and the Letters man The Minutes of the Comittee of Corespondence of Yesterday and the Letters mentioned
therein to the Companys Factors at Labera Cue & Janaica were read, and b therein to the Companys Factors at La Vera Cruz & Jamaica were read, and the said
Leaces recomitted. Letters recomitted.
A Letter from Messrs Tompeon Moris & Pratter Daied at Jamaica e A Letter from Mess.^rs Thompson Morris & Pratter Dated at Jamaica the 28.^th
Sept. last was road. Sept. last was read.
A Letter from Capt. Vincent of the Elizabeth Dated 27. Sept. Cartwasun A Letter from Capt. Vincent of the Elizabeth Dated 27.^th Sept last was read
giving an account of his Arrival at Jamaica giving an account of his Arrival at Jamaica
A Letter from the Companys Factors going to vea Aur Dated at Jamara A Letter from the Companys Factors going to Vera Cruz Dated at Jamaica
the 27. Sept. last was read the 27.^th Sept. last was read
A Letterfrom Mors Warde Dated at Madred the 25 Rovenb wa A Letter from Mens.^r Warde Dated at Madrid the 25 Novemb.^er was read
M which Letters were referred to the Comittee of Conespondence All which Letters were referrd to the Comittee of Corespondence
The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 6. Inrant were read squa The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 6. Instant were read & agreed to
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 6th Instant were read ond The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 6.^th Instant were read and
aged co. agreed to.
And the Accomptant having pursuant thereto prepared An Account of And the Accomptant having pursuant thereto prepared An Account of this
Companys Demand on the Royal Aprican Company the same was laid afore Companys Demand on the Royal African Company the same was laid before
The Court And referrd to the Comittee of Accompts for their Caination And to The Court And referrd to the Comittee of Accompts for their Examination And to
report their Opinion to the Caut report their Opinion to the Court
The Colloawing Warrants having feet the proper Comittees were laid bfore the The following Warrants having part the proper Comittees were laid bfore the
Court for payment oi Court for payment viz.^t
25
To Mr Crowdley – Wought Iron To Mr Crowley – Wought Iron
596.3.0 596.3.0
7:10:0 7.10.0
Tonathan Woodley – Turnery Ware Jonathan Woodley – Turnery Ware
Richardson & Parsons – Panters Richardson & Parsons – Ranters
71.5.0 71.5.0
£614:160 £674.18.0
Ordered, that the said Manants be naw sgnd and they wre dged and Ordered, that the said Warrants be now signed and they wre signed accordingly
on Court on Court
D Ordered,