166 166
on board the Betford disprected and that he do what he shall think necessary mo on board the Bedford dispatched and that he do what he shall think necessary in order
thereto thereto
Ordered that it be refered to the Committee of the Treary to provide mone Ordered that it be referrd to the Comittee of the Treary to provide money
by suchways & means as they shall Judge necessary for the Company to disctore by such ways & means as they shall Judge necessary for the Company to discharge
the Bonds & Interect that shall become due on & before the 1t. January near the Bonds & Interest that shall become due on & before the 1. January next
Ordered, Thatit besefared to the said Committee to Consider of and Pepore to be Ordered, That it be referrd to the said Comittee to Consider of and Report to the
Court proper means to pay off the rest of the Company's Bonds as they becaue due Court proper means to pay off the rest of the Company's Bonds as they become due
Ordered that it be sferd to the Committee of Sliping to Enguire after and grae Ordered that it be referr^d to the Comittee of Shiping to Enquire after and agree 10^th
the Owners of a Gallybuilt Ship so proceed for thwith to Jamaica, and there take in hi the Owners of a Gally built Ship to proceed forthwith to Jamaica, and there take in neg.
for Vera Cur to return home for Vera Cruz to return home
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of this day were read and agreed to The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of this day were read and agreed to
Ordered Tear o Committee st on any Moring asfe be ant sto b t Ordered That no Committee sit on any Morning before the Court is to be hold
but on e chaordinary Ocasions but on extraordinary Consious
The Court proceeded to the Consideration of making a Peward to Capt Johnon for The Court proceeded to the Consideration of making a Reward to Cap^t. Johnson for
his Serones his Services
Ordered that it besefered to the Committee of Shiping to Consider of and rept Ordered that it be referr^d to the Committee of Shiping to Consider of and (rept)
to the next Court, what Pacifications they think proper to be given to Capt. Shu to the next Court, what (?) they think proper to be given to Cap^t. Johnson for this Services
of the Auglesy his Offecers & Men, and at the same time, what they Judge papaced of the Anglesy his Officers & Men, and at the same time, what they Judge proposed
be peseunced to Mr Secy Burchet for the Sevrises he las done the Company be presented to Mr Sec^ry Burchet for the Services he has done the Company
His Majesty having been pleased to give the Company Two Bace of Does the His Majesty having been pleased to give the Company Two Brace of Does the
Sub Gov laid the Wase aut before the Court, Sub Gov^r laid the Warrant before the Court,
Resolved that this Cant. Dine together on this day Sennight Resolved that this Court. Dine together on this day (Sennight)
Ordered, that Sr Wm Chapan, Mr Chaster, Mr Fellowes & Mr Are Ordered, that S^r W^m Chapman, M^r. Chester, M^r. Fellowes & M^r. Astell
be desired to provide the Dinner be desired to provide the Dinner
Ordered, that a Cout beheld on Friday next 9:10 to conside of ane Ordered, that a Court beheld on Friday next 9-10 to consider of the reason
for supporting the Companys pretensions at the Court of Madiid for supporting the Companys pretensions at the Court of Madrid.
Ordered tat the Comittee of Sriping meet on the maters efaered to then bute Ordered that the Comittee of Shiping meet on the matters referrd to then between
this o the nexe Cour and that the Comittee of Concepond nee likewis & pepe this & the next Court and that the Comittee of Correspond^ce meet likewisw & prepare Letter
to Jamaica & Vera Cour upon the debate of the Court to Jamaica & Vera Cruz upon the debate of the Court.
Mq Adj^d