And the following Imprest Warrants Amouning to £1708:14:4 Having pait And the following Imprect Warrants Amouning to £1708: 14: 4 Having part
the said Counttee were laid before the Court for payment dut the said Comittee were laid before the Court for payment, viz.^t
To Cha: Hosier To Cha. Hosier
Gold & Silver Orris Gold & Silver Orris
£1200: £1200. --
To Messrs Jnt & Geo: French, Ditto To Mess.^rs Jn^o & Geo. French, Ditto
350:- .350. --
To Fras Calandru To Fra.^s Calandiui
Clarges on Cambricks Charges on Cambricks
158.14.4 .158. 14. 4
1708:14:4 £--1708. 14 .4
Ordered ORDERED
That Warrants be Segued for payment of the said £1708:14:4 And That Warrants be Signed for payment of the said £1708:14:4 And
Warrants were sigued accordingly in Caut Warrants were signed accordingly in Court
Ordered that the Counttee of Sliging take care to ship off the Poan Limeus ORDERED, that the Comittee of Shiping take care to ship off the Roan Luimeus
onbaand the Ezabeth for vera Crus before the 8th of June next when the trice of the Diawback onbaand the Elizabeth for vera Crus before the 8^th of June next when the [trice] of the Drawback
Rreon Expires, So as that the Company may be incitled to the beneft thereof Rreon Expires, So as that the Company may be intitled to the benefit thereof.
Ordered. That Sr Theo Tansen or Sr. Jno Lambert be desied to remitt 14,000 ORDERED. That S.^r Theo Tansen or S.^r Jn^o Lambert be desired to remitt 14,000.
Crowes to Lyves payable in the Teria of Easter on Accot of the Cambricks of St Gaul [Crowes] to Lyons payable in the Seria of Easter on Acco^t of the Cambricks of S.^t Gaul
bought of Mr Tras Calandric And that the Cashier fay the 2d Bills of Exchange bought of M.^r Tras Calandric And that the Cashier fay the 2.^d Bills of Exchange.
Ordered that £2400 be Imprect to Mr Jno Crowley on Accot of Rrax & ORDERED, that £2400 be Imprect to M^r Jn.^o Crowley on Acco^t of [Rrax] &
wrought Ron bought of him And the same was Siqued accordingly in Cart wrought Ron bought of him And the same was Signed accordingly in Court.
The Minies of the Comiteef he Asents of the 21. & 25. Instant were read The Minutes of the Comittee the Assiento of the 21^th. & 25^th. Instant were read
aid Agreed to and Agreed to,
Ordered that the Adjusting the Matter in dispute between this & the Royal ORDERED, that the Adjusting the Matter in dispute between this & the Royal
African Company in relation to the time for restraining this Company from Contracting African Company in relation to the time for restraining this Company from Contracting
for Negror elswtie than with that Company be left to the Comittee of the asseute and for Negros disorder than with that Company be left to the Comittee of the assiento and
that the said Comittee may deternin the said Conract in cae the said two Committees that the said Comittee may  deterain the said Conract in case the said two Committees
cannot agree thereupon, cannot agree there upon,
Ordered theat it be refend to the Comttee of the asseite to Consider in what Places ORDERED that it be referrd to the Comittee of the assiento Consider in what Places
in the Sfarish Weet Judies it will be necessry to sittle the Companys Factorys and in the Spanish West Indies it will be necessary to settle the Company's Factorys and
Refort their Opinion to the Cout Report their Opinion to the Court
Ordered ORDERED