123 123
Ordered. That the Committee of Buying & Shipping meet to gether Ordered. That the Comittee of Buying & Shipping meet together
and consider of a proper Cargoe for the 150 tun ship to go to Buenas and consider of a proper Cargoe for the 150 tun ship to go to Buenos
ayres and that they meet on Tuesday next at 4 and lay the same ayres and that they meet on Tuesday next at 4 and lay the same
before the next Court. before the next Court.
The Minutes of the Committee of Corsespondence of the 3th past The Minutes of the Committee of Corsespondence of the 31st past
were read. were read.
Ordered That the filting up the vacancies in the Janama & Ordered That the filling up the vacancies in the Panama &
Buenos Ayres Factory be taken into Consideration on Wednesday Buenos ayres Factory be taken into Consideration on Wednesday
next next
Ordered That it be referred to the Committee of Correspondence Ordered That it be referr'd to the Committee of Correspondence
to consider and report to the next Court their opinion what assistance to consider and report to the next Court their opinion what assistance
may be necessary to be added to the Secretarys office. may be necessary to be added to the Secretarys office.
The minutes of the Committee of Treasury of the 25th past and thit The minutes of the Committee of Treasury of the 25th past and this
day were Read & Agreed to. day were read & agreed to.
Ordered That the Committee of the Treasury a fir the Seal of the Ordered, That the Committee of the Treasury affix the Seal of the
Company to one part of the Charterparty of the John Galley Captn Company to one part of the Charterparty of the John Galley Capt^n.
Dunckley Comrs. bound to the Coast of a frica Jamarca and the pand Dunckley Com^dr. bound to the Coast of africa Jamaica and the Span. {Spanish}
West Indier, Ar also to a Certificate in Spanish, and another inEngl West Indies, as also to a Certificate in Spanish, and another in Eng  {England}&
that the said ship is employed by this Company. that the said ship is employed by this Company. __
Ordered That the said Comittee do from time to time affex the seal Ordered, That the said Comittee {Committee} do from time to time affix the seal
to one part of the Charterparties thatf shall have been Examined by the to one part of the Charterparties that shall have been Examined by the
Comittee of Shipping as also to the Several Certificates that the said ships Comittee of Shipping as also to the Several Certificates that the said ships
are in the Company's Service. are in the Company's Service^s.
The Instructions to the aforesaid Capt. Dunckley were Read & Signed The Instructions to the aforesaid Capt^n. Dunckley were Read & Signed
in Court. in Court.
Ordered That it be referrd to the Committee of Shipping to prepare all Ordered That it be referr'd to the Committee of Shipping to prepare all
matters for the Sale of the Company's Hides & Snuff. matters for the Sale of the Company's Hides & Snuff.
A Letter from His Exy Mc Bubb dated at Madris the 25th past was A Letter from His Ex^cy Mr Bubb dated at Madrid the 25.th part was
read. read. .