86 86
And an Addition was made to the said Letter Owning the Receipt of those of the And an Addition was made to the said Letter Owning the Receipt of those of the
18 & 23 April, and was afterwards signd by the Court 18 & 23^th April, and was afterwards signd by the Court
The Coustbeing inforied that Sereal Exspistor of the Revrir t Chastg The Court being informed that Several proprietors of the Nevis & S^t. Christopher
Debentures attended, they were caled in and desired that they might be mo Debentures attended, they were calld in and desired that they might be made
part of the £822032. 4.8 which is proposed to be added to the Capital part of the £822032. 4.8 which is proposed to be added to the Capital
Stock of the Company Stock of the Company:
And the sub Gov in the Name of the Court acquainted them, that there been And the sub Gov^r: in the Name of the Court acquainted them, that there being
nothing relating to thow Debeutures before the Court, they could not do any nothing relating to those Debentures before the Court, they could not do any
King Pherein thing therein
The Draft of an Instrument or Deputation for the Factors going to be The Draft of an Instrument or Deputation for the Factors going to be
Oera Cuz and a Catificate to be attented by a Notary Importing his heirg Vera Cruz and a Certificate to be attected by a Notary Importing his having
seer the Original Power under the Grear Seal of Great Britain Improaving seen the Original Power under the Great Seal of Great Britain Impowering
this company to be the assentists as drawn up by the Comittee of Concipondin this company to be the assientists, as drawn up by the Comittee of Correspodence
wee read and agreed to were read and agreed to.
Letters to the Companys Factorsat Carthagona & Panama drawn up by du Letters to the Company's Factors at Carthagena & Panama drawn up by direc
­:tion of the Committee of Concipondence were read and agred to And signed by ­=tion of the Committee of Correspondence were read and agreed to And signed by
the Court the Court.
A Lear han Mr. Barles Dredar Maded the 17t. Instant Gring an lane A Letter from M^r Bowles Dated at Madrid the 17^th. Instant Giving an Account
of his proceedings in the Companys Affairs there, and also a Copy of the Men of his proceedings in the Companys Affairs there, and also a Copy of the Mem^l
inclosed relating to Tumage, were read, inclosed, relating to Tunage, were read,
Ordered, that the Committee of Conseisudence write to Mr. Books in Ordered, that the Committee of Correspondence write to M^r. Bowles in
Answer to his said Letter, so as they shall think proper, and that the same to Answer to his said Letter, so as they shall think proper, and that the same be
Sequed by the Secretary and disparched away. Signed by the Secretary and dispatched away.
The Traulation of the King of Spais Codala or Order delivered to the Coant byo p The Translation of the King of Spains Cedula or Order delivered to the Court by a Great 
from the Morg of Montelion the 13th Inctaict relating to the payucit of money to the from the Marq of Monteleon the 15^th Instant relating to the payment of moneys to this
Marg an of the Product of the Assienco, was read, Marq one of the Product of the Assiento, was read,
And he ad Guleaer ateading ans Ded in And agennced the the Canstan And the said Gentleman attending was called in And aquainted the the [ ] [ ]