441 441
M.S. Miunce of the Comne y Prying of he 28. pert 42. Intart The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 28^th [28th] part 2.^nd [2nd] Instant
weu and. were read.
Ordered, that it be referrd to the Comittee of Sluping to Endeavour to get the Ordered, that it be referrd to the Comittee of Shiping to Endeavour to get the
Onabrigs Herfords & Schocks mentioned in the said Minites and nower board Onabrigs Herfords & Schocks mentioned in the said Minites and nower board
the Elizabeth to be Shipt on board Some other Ship if the Drawback can be the Elizabeth to be Shipt on board Some other Ship if the Drawback can be
shred saved
Resolved that the Clone of the Companys ffices forthe Caraars and Resolved that the Choice of the Company's Offices forthe Caraars and
Samaica, be further Agoured to this day Fortnight, and that publick Novice be Jamaica, be further Adjourned to this day Fortnight, and that publick [public]Notice be
given thereof as usual. given thereof as usual.
Ml Minises of the Committee of Comspondence of the 2d Inrant were ead, The Minutes of the Committee of Correspondence of the 2.^d [2nd] Insant were read,
Ancd the Draft of the Orticles between the Company and their ffficers, as pused And the Draft of the Articles between the Company and their Offficers, as pused
by Mr Cunesley was read and Ageed to, And Onlered to be Engrosed And Aand by M.^r [Mr] Cunesley was read and Ageed to, And Ordered to be Engrosed And Bond
prepared for preformance of thei part of the said Anticles prepared for preformance of their part of the said Articles
Ordered Ordered
That 200 of themd Arriles be prenced in Blank And that the That 200 of the said Articles be printed in Blank And that the-
Officers have the Perual of them Officers have the Perual of them.
Ordered Ordered
That as soonas any of the Companys officers and their Secunitys That as soon as any of the Companys officers and their Security
Shall have Exccuted their Avsices and Bonds that the Comittee of Accompts Order Shall have Excuted their Articles and Bonds that the Comittee of Accompts Order
Warrants to be made au and Laid before the Court for Impreseing to them the Warrants to be made out and Laid before the Court for Impresting to them the
Severah Tims according to the Sarrat directions of the Court Several Times according to the Several directions of the Courts.
Resolved that 1 Dr Sallary be advanced to Mr Thomas Bowles, choen Resolved that 1 D.^r [Dr] Sallary be advanced to M.^r  [Mr]Thomas Bowles, chosen
the Companys Agent at Madred And that £25 be allowd him towards the the Companys Agent at Madred And that £25 be allow'd him towards the
Charges of his Tourney thither, And that Warrauts for that purpose be made our Charges of his Journey thither, And that Warrants for that purpose be made out
and Laid bfore the Court, whar he & his Sccurtys shall have excaued his and Laid bfore the Court, whar he & his Security shall have excuted his
Articles and Bond Articles and Bond.
Resolved Thatit is he Apinan of he Cont. That he Angley Recise Resolved That it is he Opionion of he Cont. That he Angley Receive