The Minutes of the Comitte of Corepondence of the 1th 9. Int The Minutes of the Comitte of Correspondence of the 4^th & 9^th. Inst.
326 326
were Read. were Read.
Ordered That the Consideration of the said Minutes be adjouned Ordered That the Consideration of the said Minutes be adjourned
till this day Sevenight, and that in the mean time the said Comittee till this day Sevenight, and that in the mean time the said Comittee
discourse Coll. Thompson again on his Proposal for Farming the discourse Colb^o. Thompson again on his Proposal for Farming the
Negroe Trade at Portobelo, Panama, Carthagena, Cuba & Mexico Negroe Trade at Portobelo, Panama, Carthagena, Cuba & Mexico.
and demre him to prepare a Pefect Proposal in Writing, in order to be and desire him to prepare a Pefect Proposal in Writing, in order to be
laid before the Court. laid before the Court.
A Letter from Mr Bowle dated at Madris the 5th Inst. NS A Letter from M^r. Bowles dated at Madrid the 5^th Inst. NS
was read & Referd to the Comittee of Correpondence. was read & Refer'd to the Comittee of Correspondence.
The Translation of a Letter from the Marquis de Grimaldi to The Translation of a Letter from the Marquis de Grimaldi to
the Marquis of Montelion being a Signification pursuant to the the Marquis of Monteleon being a Signification pursuant to the
last Convention) that the Plota will depart for New Spain the next last Convention) that the Flota will depart for New Spain the next
Year was read. Year was read.
A Letter from the Factory) at Buenos Agret dated there the A Letter from the Factory at Buenos ayres dated there the
10th June last with the Several Papers that came therewith were 10^th. June last with the Several Papers that came therewith were
Read. Read.
A Letter from Dr. Dover dated at Buenos Ayres the 9th June A Letter from D^r. Dover dated at Buenos ayres the 9^th. June
lait, was Read last, was Read.
Ordered That the said Letter be Referd to the Committee of Ordered That the said Letter be Refer'd to the Comittee of
Correspondence, and the Papers to the Proper Comittees Correspondence, and the Papers to the Proper Comittees.
Ordered That the Bill of Exchange for 1477 ps & drawn by the Ordered That the Bill of Exchange for 1477 ps 8/8 drawn by the
Purser of the Warwick on the Comisn of the Victualling payable to the Purser of the Warwick on the Comiss^n. of the Victualling payable to the
Company, be delivered to the Cashier in order to get the same accepted Company, be delivered to the Cashier in order to get the same accepted
Ordered That the Bill of Exchange of ₤450 drawn by D Ordered That the Bill of Exchange of ₤450 drawn by D^r.
Dover on account of his Salary be Referred to the Comittee of accountd Dover on account of his Salary be Referr'd to the Comittee of accounts
for their Examination. for their Examination.
The Memorial to His Majeity prepared by the Comittee of The Memorial to His Majesty prepared by the Comittee of
Correspondence complaining of the Grievances the Company labour Correspondence complaining of the Grievances the Company labour
under in their affairs in the Spanich West Indier was read and several under in their affairs in the Spanish West Indies was read and several
amendments were made thereto amendments were made thereto.