338 338
Account was Read and Refer'd to the Committee of Correspondence, and the Account was Read and Refer'd to the Committee of Correspondence, and the
papers inclosed to the Praper Comittees papers inclosed to the Proper Comittees.
A Letter from Mr Bowles dated at Madred the 19th Instant Inclosing A Letter from M.^r Bowles dated at Madred the 19.^th Instant Inclosing
Duplicates of Letters from the Factory at Vera Crug of 6t & 1t Mard Duplicates of Letters from the Factory at Vera Crug of 6.^th & 17.^th Mard
tre from Mr. Bowles tre from Mr. Bowles
23d May last and also a General Rule or Method for measuring of 23.^d [23rd] May last and also a General Rule or Method for measuring of
with the Rucle of Measure with the Rule of Measure
any kind of Ships. as well for men of War as for Merchants Service any kind of Ship. as well for men of War as for Merchants Service
ment in Spam ment in Spain
according the Laws & Ordinances Practised in Spain and also a method of according the Laws & Ordinances Practised in Spain and also a method of
Reducing Palmos Cubrcos into English Peet & Inches was Read & referd Reducing Palmer Cubrcos into English feet & Inches was Read & refer'd
to the Committee of Correpondence, and the Rule of measurement Inclosed to the Committee of Correpondence, and the Rule of measurement Inclosed
to the Committee of Shiping to the Committee of Shiping
Ordered That the Secretary write to Mr Warren at Deal to put Ordered That the Secretary write to M.^r [Mr] Warren at Deal to put
Writers on board the St. George when she arrives in the Downes to come Writers on board the St. George when she arrives in the Downes to come
with her to Long each to take care that none of the money or with her to Long each to take care that none of the money or
Effects on board that ship be Landed, and that he write to Captn Lenon Effects on board that ship be Landed, and that he write to Captn Lenon
to come up from the Downes, Mr Cleeve being Ordered to come up to come up from the Downes, Mr Cleeve being Ordered to come up
with the Elizabeth from Portsmouth to Long Reach to take care of with the Elizabeth from Portsmouth to Long Reach to take care of
her Lading her Lading
A Letter from Capt Partington of the Warwick dated A Letter from Capt Partington of the Warwick dated
at Woolwich the 25th Instant giving an account of his arrival at Woolwich the 25th Instant giving an account of his arrival
there was Read. there was Read.
Adj. Adj.