The Court taking into Consideration the lon prices the The Court taking into Consideration the low prices the
Company's Snuff Sold at yesterday Company's Snuff Sold at yesterday
Orderd Order'd
That it be refared to the Comittee of Buying to take That it be referr'd to the Comittee of Buying to take
such Measures with respect to the Sale of the remainder of the such Measures with respect to the Sale of the remainder of the
Comrs of Buiring to take Measues Comrs of Buying to take Measures
relating to ye sale of ye Sulf relating to y^o sale of ye Snuff
Company's Spuff or not as they think proper Company's Snuff, or not as they think proper
The Court being Acquainted that the Comittee of Buying The Court being Acquainted that the Comittee of Buying
are straithed for want of more Warehouse room, now they are straithed for want of more Warehouse room, now they
Comrs. of Buying to hire Comrs. of Buying to hire
are providing the Cargo of the Annual Ship for Vera Crur are providing the Cargo of the Annual Ship for Vera Cruz
Ware houses for the Carg Ware houses for the Carg
of the Pnerual Ship. of the annual Ship.
Orderd Order'd
That it be referrd to the said Comittee to hire Such That it be referr'd to the said Comittee to hire Such
Warehorises as they shall think proper & necessary for the Warehouses as they shall think proper & necessary for the
Companys Service. Company's Service.
Orderd Order'd
That it be referrd to the Comittee for Correspondence & Factoris That it be referrd to the Comittee for Correspondence & Factorys
to prepare and insert in the next Letter to the Agents at Jamaica to prepare and insert in the next Letter to the Agents at Jamaica
Same Agents to inform the Same Agents to inform the
Court what Snuff they have Court what Snuff they have
a paragraph directing them to Acquaint the Court whether a paragraph directing them to Acquaint the Court whether
received fin Hav. & St. Tago received fin Hav. & St. Tago
any, and what Carcels of Snuff have been brought thither any, and what parcels of Snuff have been brought thither
from Havana or St. Jago de Cuba, and in what Vessels. from Havana or St. Jago de Cuba, and in what Vessels.
The Ship Bellamont Capt. Caves, being arrivd at Portsmouth The Ship Bellamont Capt. Caves, being arriv'd at Portsmouth
Bellamont Arrivd Bellamont Arriv'd
with a Cargo of Snuff from Havana with a Cargo of Snuff from Havana
Orderd Order'd
That it be referrd to the Comittee of Buying to give such That it be referrd to the Comittee of Buying to give such
Directions for the said Ships proceeding to Casiz, or to such other Directions for the said Ships proceeding to Cadiz, or to such other
Market as they judge may be more advantageous to the Company Market as they judge may be more advantageous to the Company
The The