406 406
upon paying the Company an Indulto of $60 p piegade upon paying the Company an Indulto of $60 p piegade
India, could not take place till the Company make Appli- India, could not take place till the Company make Appli=
cation to the King of Spain, and have his Majesty's Consen, =cation to the King of Spain, and have his Majesty's Consent,
the Assiento not granting a power to the Company to make the Assiento not granting a power to the Company to make
such Contract. such Contract.
Sir Thomas also Signified, that the like Application Sir Thomas also Signified, that the like Application
was expected to be made for his Majesty's Consent with was expected to be made for his Majesty's Consent with
regard to the Lycensing of the Caraccas and Campechy regard to the Lycensing of the Caraccas and Campechy
And the Court having largely debated and Consider'd And the Court having largely debated and Consider'd
this Affair desired Sir Thomas to put down in Writing this Affair desired Sir Thomas to put down in Writing
what he had to offer concerning the Lycensing the Negro- what he had to offer concerning the Lycensing the Negro-
Trade to the said places, the which he agreed to do at the nex Trade to the said places, the which he agreed to do at the next
Meeting of the Court Meeting of the Court
A Petiton of Mr. Philyp White setting forth that he hath A Petiton of Mr. Philip White setting forth that he hath
Mr. White Mr. White
been employ'd in the Service of the Greenland Trade ever- been employ'd in the Service of the Greenland Trade ever-
Since the 5th September 1724 and praying Such Allowance Since the 5th September 1724 and praying Such Allowance
for his 8 Years Care & Trouble as shall be thought fit was for his 8 Years Care & Trouble as shall be thought fit was
read & referrd to the Comittee for the Greenland Trade read & referr'd to the Comittee for the Greenland Trade
A Letter to the Secretary from Messrs Cleford Sons & Archer A Letter to the Secretary from Mess^rs Clifford Sons & Archer
dated at Amsterdam the 16 Inst. desiring to know what dated at Amsterdam the 16 Inst. desiring to know what
Allowance they may make to Capt. Wood of the John & Allowance they may make to Capt. Wood of the John &
Capt Wood of the John & Mary Capt Wood of the John & Mary
Mary from Havana, for Port Charges on his coming thither Mary from Havana, for Port Charges on his coming thither
instead of to Portsmouth, where he was bound by Bill of instead of to Portsmouth, where he was bound by Bill of
Lading was read & referrd to the Comittee of Buying to Lading, was read & referr'd to the Comittee of Buying to
Consider & give such Directions thereon as they see proper Consider & give such Directions thereon as they see proper
The The