206 206
to have been employ'd as a Watchman on board the Hoys- to have been employ'd as a Watchman on board the Hoys-
during the leading of the Royal Caroline, be paid five Guineas during the leading of the Royal Caroline, be paid five Guineas
Guinen Graprity to Jonacde hews 5 Guineas Gratuity to (Jonacde) hews
out of the poors box in Consideration he met with an Accident out of the poors box in Consideration he met with an Accident
whereby he was lame for 5 Weeks. whereby he was lame for 5 Weeks.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Shyring of the 14th & 19h Ins The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 14th & 19th Ins^t
were read & Agred to were read & Agreed to
The Report of the Comittee of Treasury of the 21. Inst. on the The Report of the Comittee of Treasury of the 21. Inst. on the
Courts Reference of the Petition of Coleman Hlester containing Courts Reference of the Petition of Coleman Hester containing
fro spatity to Colemnan Slester. £20 Gratuity to Coleman Hester.
their opinion that he be allow'd a Gratuity of ₤20 for his their opinion that he be allow'd a Gratuity of ₤20 for his
Extra Service for 2 Years past, and that his Salary be Extra Service for 2 Years past, and that his Salary be
₤60 p Ann from Christmas next being the same as his ₤60 p Ann from Christmas next, being the same as his
Fredecessor enjoy'd, was read & agreed to Predecessor enjoy'd, was read & agreed to
Orderd Order'd
That it be Referrd to the Comittee of Accompts to Cause That it be Referr'd to the Comittee of Accompts to Cause
a Warrant for said Gratuity of ₤20 to Mr Hester to be prepared a Warrant for said Gratuity of ₤20 to Mr Hester to be prepared
& laid before the next Court & laid before the next Court
The other Report of the Comittee of Treasury of the same The other Report of the Comittee of Treasury of the same
Mr. Thomas Drown Mr. Thomas Drown
day on the Petition of Mr Thomas Brown relating to day on the Petition of Mr Thomas Brown relating to
500. 3d Subscription, for which he finds no Credit given £500. 3^d Subscription, for which he finds no Credit given
him, Acquainting the Court, that they find the same is him, Acquainting the Court, that they find the same is
by Mistake put down in the Name of John Brown, but by Mistake put down in the Name of John Brown, but
that the Money was paid by the Petitioner, and that no that the Money was paid by the Petitioner, and that no
regular Claim thereof has been made was read & Agreed to regular Claim thereof has been made was read & Agreed to
Adjournd Adjourn'd