14 14
The Sub Governor laid before the Court a Letter he had received The Sub Governor laid before the Court a Letter he had received
Lefon Mr Nichalson of y Have by the said Ship from Mr Nicholson dated at the Havana the Lefon Mr Nichalson of y Have by the said Ship from Mr Nicholson dated at the Havana the
9t. January last, which was refer'd to the Comitteefor Correspon=­ 9^th. January last, which was referr'd to the Comittee for Correspon=­

dence & Factorys dence & Factorys
The Secretary acquainted the Court, that he had deliverd to The Secretary acquainted the Court, that he had deliver'd to
Mr. Thomas Bleckynden, Copy of the Minutes of the Courtof the Mr. Thomas Bleckynden, Copy of the Minutes of the Court of the
Copy of the Minute relating Copy of the Minute relating
to Bleckynden, ad him to Bleckynden, ad him
25th Ult in answer to his Letter 25^th Ult^o in answer to his Letter
The Sub Governor reported that himself, the Deputy Governor & The Sub Governor reported that himself, the Deputy Governor &
Mr. Bowles (part of the Comittee to whom it was referr'd Mr. Bowles (part of the Comittee to whom it was referr'd
on the 4th & 25th Inst to take such Steps as they should think on the 4th & 25th Ins^t to take such Steps as they should think
most proper, for preventing any part of this Companys Capital most proper, for preventing any part of this Companys Capital
Steps taken for preventing Steps taken for preventing
from being paid off this year) had lately been at a Meeting of from being paid off this year) had lately been at a Meeting of
this Comps being paid off this Comps being paid off
a Million a Million
some of the Lords of the Treasury, and Gentlemen of the Bank, some of the Lords of the Treasury, and Gentlemen of the Bank,
and acquainted the Court with what had pass'd concerning and acquainted the Court with what had pass'd concerning
that Matter, and of the Apprehension they had of an Intention that Matter, and of the Apprehension they had of an Intention
to pay this Company the whole Million which would this to pay this Company the whole Million which would this
Year be issued out of the Sinking Fund; Whereupon the Year be issued out of the Sinking Fund; Whereupon the
Comittee were desired to do the best they can in this Affair, Comittee were desired to do the best they can in this Affair,
that the Bank Capital may be alternately paid off inturn that the Bank Capital may be alternately paid off inturn
with this Company's Capital and the Annuitys, at least in with this Company's Capital and the Annuitys, at least in
Such proportion as they are now Subject to. Such proportion as they are now Subject to.
The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 29th past, & The Minutes of the Committee of Buying of the 29^th past, &
pd Inst. were read & Agreed to 2^d Ins^t. were read & Agreed to
Ord. Ord.