Orderd Order'd
That leave be given to that Comittee to make out Warrants That leave be given to that Comittee to make out Warrants
Comrs of Buying to make for Impresting to Mr. William Simpson (one of their Clerks Com^ce of Buying to make for Impresting to Mr. William Simpson (one of their Clerks)
out Warrants to Mr. Simpson out Warrants to Mr. Simpson
Such Moneys as shall be necessary to Satisfy the Bills that Such Moneys as shall be necessary to Satisfy the Bills that
from time to time shall be drawn on Mr Burrell & Mr Jackson from time to time shall be drawn on Mr Burrell & Mr Jackson
for payment of the Goods bought by their Directions for payment of the Goods bought by their Directions
The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 29th past, The Minutes of the Comittee of Shiping of the 29^th past,
were read & Agreed to were read & Agreed to
Orderd Order'd
That it be referrd to the Comittee for Correspondence & That it be referrd to the Comittee for Correspondence &
Factorys to prepare, and insert a paragraph in the next Letter Factorys to prepare, and insert a paragraph in the next Letter
B. Ayes Factory to send B. Ayes Factory to send
to the Buenos Ayres Factory requiring them to keep and to the Buenos Ayres Factory requiring them to keep and
particular accots of the particular accots of the
Disposal of their Stores. Disposal of their Stores.
transmit to the Court particular and exact Accounts how- transmit to the Court particular and exact Accounts how-
and in what manner the Stores which the Company shall and in what manner the Stores which the Company shall
send them from time to time, are expended or disposed of send them from time to time, are expended or disposed of
A Minute of the Comittee for the Treenland Trade of the 1st A Minute of the Comittee for the Greenland Trade of the 1^st
Inst. Acquainting the Court of their having Sign'd a Warrant Ins^t. Acquainting the Court of their having Sign'd a Warrant
Aant & Mr Cerregobe Warr^t & Mr Vernezobre
for £218:18 to Mr Daniel Vernezobre in full for a parcel- for £218:48 to Mr Daniel Vernezobre in full for a parcel-
for £218:18 for £218:18
of Hemp, was read & approv'd. of Hemp, was read & approv'd.
The Secretary laid before the Court a Letter he had received The Secretary laid before the Court a Letter he had received
Li fir the Sedy to the Abenty [Le fir] the Sedy to the Admy
from Mr. Burchett Secretary to the Lords Comissioners of the from Mr. Burchett Secretary to the Lords Comissioners of the
Admty Adm^ty