Reference of the last Court they have examined in relation Reference of the last Court they have examined in relation
to the Accounts of Mr Hancock of Cordiz, and See no reason to the Accounts of M^r Hancock of Cadiz, and See no reason
Bill of Hancock of Cadin Bill of Hancock of Cadiz
ony late Sedy to be paid. on y late Secy to be paid.
to object to the payment of his Bill on the late Secretary to object to the payment of his Bill on the late Secretary
for £69/2 were read & agreed to for £69 1/2 were read & agreed to
Ordere Order'd
That the Cashire Accept and pay the said Bill- That the Cashire Accept and pay the said Bill-
when due when due
The Court taking into Consideration that it is proper the The Court taking into Consideration that it is proper the
person who should be chose the Company's Forter in stead person who should be chose the Company's Porter instead
of John Skinner deed should give security for his Care- of John Skinner dec^d should give security for his Care-
Con. Porter to give £100 Comp. Porter to give £100
Security. Security.
and Tidelity and Fidelity
Resolvd Resolv'd
That the Securaty to be given by the Company's Porter That the Security to be given by the Company's Porter
be one hundred pounds be one hundred pounds
The Court (according to Order then proceded by Ballot The Court (according to Order) then proceeded by Ballot
to the Choice of a Porter in the room of the said Skinner, And to the Choice of a Porter in the room of the said Skinner, And
George Buchle Chose by Bate George Buckle Chose by Ballot
the Petitions of John Williams & George Buckle being read, the Petitions of John Williams & George Buckle being read,
the Court Chose George Buckle at the usual Salary of the Court Chose George Buckle at the usual Salary of
₤10 P Ann. And he was called in & directed to give £100 ₤40 P Ann and he was called in & directed to give £100
Security Security
The Minutes of the Comittee for Lawsuits of the 23d Inst. The Minutes of the Comittee for Lawsuits of the 23^d Ins^t.
were read & Agreed to. were read & Agreed to.
Orderd Order'd
That the opinions of Council therein mentiond That the opinions of Council therein mentiond
relating to an Executors or Administrators Transferring relating to an Executors or Administrators Transferring
into his owne same the Stock of the party deed be entred in into his own Name the Stock of the party dec^d be entred in
the proper book- the proper book-
the the