414 414
The other Reports of the said Comittee of the same day, The other Reports of the said Comittee of the same day,
acquainting the Court, that the Accomptant had he stated the acquainting the Court, that the Accomptant had Re-stated the
particular Invoyce of the Cargo of the Prince William to particular Invoyce of the Cargo of the Prince William to
Particular Invoyce of the Cary Particular Invoyce of the Cargo
of ye P Wom. of y^r P. Wm.
Portobelo and containing their Report on the Petitions of Mr Portobelo; and containing their Report on the Petitions of Mr
Correges and Mr Tooke referr'd by the Court, were read and Correges and Mr Tooke referr'd by the Court, were read and
Agreed to Agreed to
Orderd Orderd
That the said Invoyce (as now stated by the Accomptant That the said Invoyce (as now stated by the Accomptant
be deliverd to Sir Thomas Graldino be deliverd to Sir Thomas Geraldino
The following Warrants mentiond in the said Reports, The following Warrants mentiond in the said Reports,
Warrant to ye Clerks in the Warrant to y^r Clerks in the
having been prepared by Orders of Court, were passd & Sign'd ere= having been prepared by Orders of Court, were pass'd & Sign'd Viz^t=
Treasury Office Treasury Office
To Jeffery Utber for ₤150 To Jeffery Utber......... for ₤150
being Gratifications to each in being Gratifications to each in
Hugh Pelling. for. 20 Hugh Pelling.... for...... 20
full for Exhasewices to full for Extra services to
& James Goddard. for 60 & James Goddard.....for.....60
last. last.
£230 £230
And to Admiral Stewart for £525 being a present for the regard And to Admiral Stewart for £525 being a present for the regard
Wanant to mn Seveart for Warrant to Adm. Stewart for
£525 £525
he shewd for the Company's Interest while he Comanded in the he shewd for the Company's Interest while he Comanded in the
West Indies, and the services he did the Company West Indies, and the services he did the Company
The Report of the said Comittee of the 1th. Inst. laying before The Report of the said Comittee of the 4th. Inst. laying before
Accompts prepared by ye Accompt the Court in pursuance of the Reference of the 1st Ulto the Accompts prepared by y^r Accompt the Court in pursuance of the Reference of the 1st Ulto the
& Del. Sr. Thos Geraldino & Del^d Sr. Thos Geraldino
several accompts therein mentioned prepard by the Accomptant several accompts therein mention'd prepar'd by the Accomptant
Vizt. One Accompt of the Ships which have been yearly Vizt. One Accompt of the Ships which have been yearly
dispatched for the Negro Trade from the Comencement of the dispatched for the Negro Trade from the Comencement of the
Assients to the 30h. April 1722 (being the first 5 Years) And Assiento to the 30. April 1722 (being the first 5 Years) And
6 Accompts of the Returns from each respective Factory, and 6 Accompts of the Returns from each respective Factory, and
from Several ports on the Windward Coast for the same from Several ports on the Windward Coast for the same
perioo period