205 205
by default, in the Cause between James Seamer et al by default, in the Cause between James Seamer et al
Plts and the Lady Spelman, Hugh Nashetal and also this Plts and the Lady Spelman, Hugh Nash et al and also this
Company Defts were read & agred to Company Defts were read & agreed to
The Report of the Committee of Shying of the 14. Inst on the The Report of the Committee of Shiping of the 14. Inst on the
Courts Reference to agree for a Ship to deliver Regroes for the Courts Reference to agree for a Ship to deliver negroes for the
Supply of Buenas Ayres and the Neighbouring provinces, Supply of Buenos Ayres and the Neighbouring provinces,
requainting the Court they had Agreed with Capt Tenkethman, acquainting the Court they had Agreed with Capt Penkethman,
Egreemt with Capt. Denkethman Agreem^t with Cap^t. Penkethman
of the Rudge Galley for supplyo of the Rudge Galley for supply of
to lett the Hudge Galley to the Company to deliver 450 Regroes to lett the Rudge Galley to the Company to deliver 450 negroes
Neg at Dr. Ayes. Neg^s at Br. Ayres.
at Buenos Ayres at £20 P head, and for all above 450, to be at Buenos Ayres at £20 P head, and for all above 450, to be
paid £17 P head, and 15d p syde feight home &c was read & paid £17 P head, and 15d p hyde freight home &c was read &
Agred to Agreed to
Then the Court took up the said Ship by Ballot pursuant Then the Court took up the said Ship by Ballot pursuant
sd. Ship taken up by Ballot s^d. Ship taken up by Ballot
to the By Law in that behalf. to the By Law in that behalf.
The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 7th & 14h Ins The Minutes of the Comittee of Accompts of the 7th & 14th Ins^t
containing (among other things) their opinion that the Word, containing (among other things) their opinion that the Words,
Adriana Verryst be added to the head of Account of Widow Adriana Verryst be added to the head of Account of Widow
Jacob Vandervalk on Messrs Bartholomew and Richard Jacob Vandervalk on Mess^rs Bartholomew and Richard
Burton giving Security to indemnify the Company, were Burton giving Security to indemnify the Company, were
read & Agreed to read & Agreed to
The Minutes of the same Comittee of the 21s Inst Were The Minutes of the same Comittee of the 21 Ins^t Were
read & Agreed to read & Agreed to
The following Warrants mentiond in the said respective The following Warrants mention'd in the said respective
Minutes were by Order Sign'd in Court Vizt Minutes were by Order Sign'd in Court Viz^t
£9:11 £9:11
Warrants Warrants
To Mr. Plizabeth Blake for Cooperage To Mrs. Elizabeth Blake for Cooperage
To To