208 208
period of Timne, and acquainting the Court that the Accom- period of Time, and acquainting the Court that the Accom-
ptant was going on with the like Accompts for the Next ptant was going on with the like Accompts for the Next
5 Years, was read & Agreed to 5 Years, was read & Agreed to
Orderd Order'd
That the said Accompts be delivered to Sir Thos Geraldino That the said Accompts be delivered to Sir Thos Geraldino
Upon reading a Letter from Mr Keene to the Secretary Upon reading a Letter from Mr Keene to the Secretary
Lre from MrKeene Lre from MrKeene
dated at Seville the 26th Ult advising that he has given dated at Seville the 26th Ulto advising that he has given
to Messrs Patrick Joyes & Comp his Letter of Credit on to Mess^rs Patrick Joyes & Comp his Letter of Credit on
Mr De Gols for 6265 p 4rs & to Maraw for payment of Mr De Gols for 6265 p^s 4rs & 10 Maraw for payment of
the Sunta, and desiring Orders may be given him to the Junta, and desiring Orders may be given him to
discharge the Bills which shall be drawn in vertue thereof discharge the Bills which shall be drawn in vertue thereof
Orderd Order'd
That the Cashire do accordingly accept & pay the Bills That the Cashire do accordingly accept & pay the Bills
of Messrs Patrick Joyes & Co for the said Sum, when the same of Mess^rs Patrick Joyes & Co for the said Sum, when the same
become due, And Copy hereof was by Order Sign'd in Court become due, And Copy hereof was by Order Sign'd in Court
Orderd Order'd
That the said Letter from Mr Keene, and his former That the said Letter from Mr Keene, and his former
of the 5th Ulto be referrd to the Comittee for Correspondence of the 5th Ulto be referr'd to the Comittee for Correspondence
Mr. Smith having laid before the Court his C. M. Original Mr. Smith having laid before the Court his C. M. Original
Cedula in favour of the Marg Cedula in favour of the Marg
Cedulabearing date at Seville the 31. October 1731 requiring Cedula bearing date at Seville the 31. October 1731 requiring
deshateaufort for paymen. de Chateaufort for payment
of 321 710 R. Wellon 11 mar of 321,710 R. Wellon 11 mar
the Company to make payment to the Marg de Shateaufort the Company to make payment to the Marq de Chateaufort
or the person whom his Excy. should empower of 321710 hiald or the person whom his Ex^cy. should empower of 321,710 Rials
and 11 Maraw de Vellon out of the Negro Dutys, together and 11 Maraw de Vellon out of the Negro Dutys, together
with with