29 207
to prepare the others for him thereinmentiond, were read- to prepare the others for him therein mentiond, were read-
and Agreed to and Agreed to
The Reports of the same Comittee of the 12th Ultimo The Reports of the same Comittee of the 12th Ultimo
Acquainting the Court that the Accomptant had laid before Acquainting the Court that the Accomptant had laid before
them the Accompts thereinmentiond, and that they were them the Accompts thereinmentiond, and that they were
₤5000 P And to be Charged to the ₤5000 P And to be Charged to the
of opinion ₤5000 be Annually Charge for officers & Clerks of opinion ₤5000 be Annually Charg'd for officers & Clerks
Debit of the Trade Accot for Debit of the Trade Accot for
Officers & Clerks Salarys Officers & Clerks Salarys
Salarys, to the Debit of the Trade Accompt, And that the Salarys, to the Debit of the Trade Accompt, And that the
Memll therein set forth be inserted at the foot of that [Memll] therein set forth be inserted at the foot of that
Accompt relating to the Groundless Emnbarrassments put Accompt relating to the Groundless Emnbarrassments put
on the Company's Trade, were read & agreed to on the Company's Trade, were read & agreed to
The Reports of the same Comittee of the 14 Ultimo The Reports of the same Comittee of the 14. Ultimo
relating to the Settling the Accompts therein mentiond, relating to the Settling the Accompts therein mention'd,
were read & agreed to were read & agreed to
The Report of the same Comittee of the 18th. Ulto on the The Report of the same Comittee of the 18th. Ulto on the
Petr of Mrs Blechynden Petr of Mrs Blechynden
Courts Reference of the petition of the Wife of Mr Thomas Courts Reference of the petition of the Wife of Mr Thomas
Bleckynden, was read & recomitted to the Comittee upon Blechynden, was read & recomitted to the Comittee upon
the Debate of the Court. the Debate of the Court.
The Report of the same Comittee of the 21 Ults laying The Report of the same Comittee of the 21 Ulto laying
before the Court in pursuance of the Reference of the 20th before the Court in pursuance of the Reference of the 20th
Particulars of f largo of ye d wm. Particulars of y^r Cargo of y^r P wm.
October last the particulars of the Cargo of the Rince William. October last the particulars of the Cargo of the Prince William.
Particulars of ye Charge of the Particulars of y^r Charge of the
brought from Portobelo, and also the particulars of the whole brought from Portobelo, and also the particulars of the whole
Outset of ye H. Carbline Outset of y^r R. Carbline
Charge of the out Set of the Royal Caroline, was read Charge of the out Set of the Royal Caroline, was read
Order'd Order'd
That the said Accompts be deliverd to Sir Tho. Geraldino That the said Accompts be deliverd to Sir Tho. Geraldino
the Accomptant first taking exact Copys of them. the Accomptant first taking exact Copys of them.
The The