was to sail next Tuesday for the West Indies, with Instructions was to sail next Tuesday for the West Indies, with Instructions
and the Cedulas relating to the Restitution of the ships & vessels and the Cedulas relating to the Restitution of the ships & vessels
Greyhound Man of Greyhound Man of
War War
of His Majesties Subjects taken by the Spaniards, and offering that of His Majesties Subjects taken by the Spaniards, and offering that
if the Company have any Factors to send from hence, the Captain if the Company have any Factors to send from hence, the Captain
Eedulas go by her Cedulas go by her
will be orderd to Carry them, and that Rear Admiral Stewart at will be orderd to Carry them, and that Rear Admiral Stewart at
Jamaica, had orders to give them the best Assistance in his lower. Jamaica, had orders to give them the best Assistance in his lower.
Order'd Order'd
That the secly write to Mr Burchett to thank their That the secly write to Mr Burchett to thank their
Lordps for their kind offer, and to inform them that as the ship is to Lordps for their kind offer, and to inform them that as the ship is to
Depart so Suddenly, the Comps dispatches cannot be got ready in time Depart so Suddenly, the Comps dispatches cannot be got ready in time
And besides we apprehend that as she is to call at Barbados and other And besides we apprehend that as she is to call at Barbados and other
places before she proceeds for Jamaica, it will protract the Time so places before she proceeds for Jamaica, it will protract the Time so
much, that in all probability a floop of the Companys which is about much, that in all probability a floop of the Companys which is about
to depart, will reach Jamaica, before the Man of War, however that to depart, will reach Jamaica, before the Man of War, however that
the Company desire Instructions may be given the Comander for the Company desire Instructions may be given the Comander for
forwarding any lacquets which may be deliver'd him by Mr. Pratter forwarding any lacquets which may be deliver'd him by Mr. Pratter
at Jamaica for any of the Companys Factorys at the places to which he at Jamaica for any of the Companys Factorys at the places to which he
shall go shall go
Upon reading a letter from Mr Charles Halsey to Mr OcGols, dated Upon reading a letter from Mr Charles Halsey to Mr OcGols, dated
at Hambro the 7th Inst. NS. advising his Drafts on him (by order of at Hambro the 7th Inst. NS. advising his Drafts on him (by order of
eagy eagy
Hambro Hambro
the Comittee of Buying) for £1000 as therein mencond, the Comittee of Buying) for £1000 as therein mencond,
Order'd Order'd
That the Cashire accept and lay the said Bills when due, That the Cashire accept and lay the said Bills when due,
the same being first Noted in the Accomptants, Office. the same being first Noted in the Accomptants, Office.
Order'd Order'd
That it be referd to the Joint Comittees of Buying & shiping to That it be referd to the Joint Comittees of Buying & shiping to
Consider what ships may be proper to be sent out for the supply of Consider what ships may be proper to be sent out for the supply of
Buenes Ayres Buenes Ayres
Negroes at Buenos Ayres, and report. Negroes at Buenos Ayres, and report.
A Memoral of John Gore Esqr. being read setting forth That he A Memoral of John Gore Esqr. being read setting forth That he