The Minuter of the Comitte of Accounts of the 24t. Int. The Minutes of the Comittee of Accounts of the 24^th Ins^t.
were read & Agreed to were read & Agreed to
Orderd Order'd
That the Ballances laid before the Court by the said That the Ballances laid before the Court by the said
Comittee (in pursuance of the 17th By Law) of the General Comittee (in pursuance of the 17^th By Law) of the General
Ballances of the Tenl. Books Ballances of the Gen^l. Books
Books of the Company on the 24th December last, and of Books of the Company on the 24^th December last, and of
of the Col of the Ass. boks. of the Cot of the As.^o books.
the Assiento Books at the same time, be carefully preserve the Assiento Books at the same time, be carefully preserv'd
for the perusal of the Court for the perusal of the Court
The following Warants mention'd in the said Minutes The following Warrants mention'd in the said Minutes
Warrants Warrants
were by Order Sign'd in Court vizt were by Order Sign'd in Court viz^t
To Messrs Joseph Hyam To Mess^rs Joseph Hoyam
for Colchester Bays £960 for Colchester Bays £960
& Robert Havens & Robert Havens
95.4.8 95.4.8
Ball of Disbursem Ball^a of Disbursem^ts
the Secretary the Secretary
100:--- 100:---
Imprest Imprest
Do D^o
300 300
Imprest Imprest
John Whittingham John Whittingham
The Reports of the Comittee of Accounts of the 24th Instant The Reports of the Comittee of Accounts of the 24^th Instant
acquainting the Court that they are of Opinion John Williams acquainting the Court that they are of Opinion John Williams
John Williams John Williams
& George Buckle are both well qualified to serve as Porter & George Buckle are both well qualified to serve as Porter
George Buckle George Buckle
recomended for Porter recomended for Porter
instead of John Skinnerdee? And also aquainting the Court instead of John Skinner dec^d And also aquainting the Court
in pursuance of the Courts Orders of the 4th Inst. what sume in pursuance of the Courts Orders of the 4th Ins^t. what sums
What Stock & Ann in the so What Stock & Ann in the Co
in Stock and in Annuities were Standing in the Companys in Stock and in Annuities were Standing in the Companys
Name at Xtmas last Name at Xtmas last
Name at Christmas last; And that it is their Opinion that Name at Christmas last; And that it is their Opinion that
Company ought to advance to this parish of St. Martins Company ought to advance to this parish of St. Martins
Outwich, no more towards Discharge of their Debt than is Outwich, no more towards Discharge of their Debt than is
the Companys proportion; and that pursuant to the the Companys proportion; and that pursuant to the
Reference Reference