happily ended. happily ended.
To proceed on this Head of Complaint Mr Hilton Suggests that To proceed on this Head of Complaint Mr Hilton Suggests that
Mr Brown wanted to get him out of the way, that he might have the Mr Brown wanted to get him out of the way, that he might have the
sole Management of Affairs in himself. sole Management of Affairs in himself.
Here the Comittee Observe That if Mr Hilton had gone upon the Here the Comittee Observe That if Mr Hilton had gone upon the
proposd Expedition, it does not Appear that Mr Brown would have proposd Expedition, it does not Appear that Mr Brown would have
had the sole Management of Affairs, as Mr Cx & Mr Savill would had the sole Management of Affairs, as Mr Cox & Mr Savill would
have been still left to Guard against any of the Insinuated evil Designs have been still left to Guard against any of the Insinuated evil Designs
of Mr Brown of Mr Brown
Further Mr Hiltonsays He would notgo, because he was Further Mr Hilton says He would not go, because he was
Answerable for whatever might be done in his Absence. Answerable for whatever might be done in his Absence.
As to this the Comittee cannot but Observe that it seems matter of As to this the Comittee cannot but Observe that it seems matter of
pretence only from the Confidence he had in Mr Cx & McTavill which pretence only from the Confidence he had in Mr Cox & Mr Savill which
must have left him without keason to Apprehend any Harm to himself. must have left him without keason to Apprehend any Harm to himself.
On the other hand it Appears that Mr Brown as well as the On the other hand it Appears that Mr Brown as well as the
other Factors place a Confidence in Mr Hilton in the Proposition of other Factors place a Confidence in Mr Hilton in the Proposition of
sending him to Chile, as they must have been answerable for his Conduct, sending him to Chili, as they must have been answerable for his Conduct,
had he miscarried in the Trust, that woud have been repord in him. had he miscarried in the Trust, that woud have been repord in him.
Upon the whole of this Complaint the Comittee think that if upon a Upon the whole of this Complaint the Comittee think that if upon a
fuller Consideration of this Subject of Suspension or Dismission, the fuller Consideration of this Subject of Suspension or Dismission, the
Power shall hereafter be Allowed in the Factorys, upon justifiable Cases, Power shall hereafter be Allowed in the Factorys, upon justifiable Cases,
It ought not however to be Vested in a Chief Factorsingly, but in the It ought not however to be Vested in a Chief Factor singly, but in the
Majority of Council Concurring with him, and the Mr Hilton may Majority of Council Concurring with him, and the Mr Hilton may
probably stand Justifyed in his Refusal of going to Chili, his Instructions probably stand Justifyed in his Refusal of going to Chili, his Instructions
in in