We lin 1 Wednesday 13th Feby 1722
It a Committee of Correspondence, with the Addition At a Committee of Correspondence, with the Addition
of the Gentlemen mention'd in the Court Minute of the Gentlemen mention'd in the Court Minute
of the 24th January 1722 of the 24th January 1722
Present Present
TThe Sub Governour The Sub Governour
The Dept. Governour The Dept. Governour
Mr Sir Ayles Richd Hophins Mr Ayles Sir Richd Hopkins
Mr Girardolde Telliur Mc Clarke Mr Girardot de Tellieux Mr Clarke
Mr Mr Pitt Micklethwait Mr Pitt Mr Micklethwait
Dr Capt. Wood Osborne Dr Wood Capt. Osborne
Mr. Mr Brooke Lade Mr. Brooke Mr Lade
Mr Copt Roberts ons Mr Roberts Capt Jones
Mr Sir Lant Coger Andson Mr Lant Sir Roger Hudson
Mr Lthicullier Mr Lethieullier
Tet 60 }The Gentn added 
er Ten }the 24th Janry 
1722 }1722/3
The Committee took into Consideration the Reference of the The Committee took into Consideration the Reference of the
Court of the 7. Instant Whereby it is referd to them to cramine what appears in Court of the 7. Instant Whereby it is referd to them to cramine what appears in
the Company's Books for and against Mr Thorowgod in relation to his Conduct the Company's Books for and against Mr Thorowgod in relation to his Conduct
in the Companys Service. And for and Against the late Tactory at tera fruz, in the Companys Service. And for and Against the late Tactory at tera fruz,
And the Committee find that by a Report from the Toint Committee And the Committee find that by a Report from the Toint Committee
of Buying and Shiping of the 3th January 174h Read and Agreed in Court the of Buying and Shiping of the 3th January 174h Read and Agreed in Court the
Jos of the same Month Jos of the same Month
Mr Thorowgood is Censured in hav Terba Vizt Mr Thorowgood is Censured in hav Verba Vizt
Thit Mr Catlin Thorongood as president of this Companys Tictory That Mr Catlin Thorongood as president of this Companys Tictory
at tera four according to the Several Charges alledged against him by their at tera four according to the Several Charges alledged against him by their
Factors there, hath not behaved himself according to his duty or a Tust Regard to Factors there, hath not behaved himself according to his duty or a Tust Regard to
the Company's Interest the Company's Interest
That the said latlin Thorongood having left the Service of the That the said latlin Thorongood having left the Service of the
Company in Nen Spain and come home without leave of this Company hath been Company in New Spain and come home without leave of this Company hath been
guilty of a Breach of Articles and Trust guilty of a Breach of Articles and Trust
And And