Wednesday 13th February 1722 Wednesday 13th February 1722
Ha Committee of Correspondence At a Committee of Correspondence
Present. Present.
All the Gentlemen of the Committee All the Gentlemen of the Committee
The Committee Read and Considerd that part of the Letter of The Committee Read and Considerd that part of the Letter of
the 10th Septr Last from the Panama and Portobelo Factory that Contany the 10th Septr Last from the Panama and Portobelo Factory that Contains
their Complaints against Mr Swartz the 2d of that Factory And directod their Complaints against Mr Swartz the 2d of that Factory And directod
the Secretary to prepare a letter to Mr Denness relating thereto the Secretary to prepare a letter to Mr Denness relating thereto
And also a letter to the Companys Agents at Tamarca to Depren And also a letter to the Companys Agents at Jamaica to Dispatch
a Horp forthwith for portobele with the said Denniss a Sloop forthwith for porto belo with the said Denniss
Doth which letters are to be Laid before the next Court. Both which letters are to be Laid before the next Court.
A. Adjd.
Radin Cout Read in Court
Thurstay 14th Feb. 1722 Thursday 14th Feb. 1722
and Aer Synd and Letters Sign'd
Dly a. 1 Wensday 20 Febr 1722
It a Committee of Correspondence. At a Committee of Correspondence.
Present Present
The Sub Gov The Deputy Govr The Sub Gov The Deputy Govr
Mr Brooke Mr Girardot de Tillicun Mr Brooke Mr Girardot de Tillieux
Mr Ayles Mr Ditt Mr Ayles Mr Pitt
Mr Roberts Mr Roberts
Th prepared Comitte a letter to Mr. Strafford in answer to his Letters of The Comittee prepared a letter to Mr. Strafford in answer to his Letters of
the 25th Ultr and 8 Instant, And also in answer to Mr Uzardis Letter of the 25t All the 25th Ulto and 8th Instant, And also in answer to Mr Uzardis Letter of the 25t Ulto
And Orderd the same to be laid before the Court, in Order to go by to Morrows Post And Orderd the same to be laid before the Court, in Order to go by to Morrows Post
Read in Court and the Letter Sign'd Read in Court and the Letter Sign'd
Tunday 2s Febr. 1722 Thursday 21 Febr. 1722
Ay Adjd.