Thursday 7 May 1n9 Thursday 7th May 1719
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Chester Mr Chester
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Sr. John Lambert Sr. John Lambert
Sr. William Chapman Sr. William Chapman
All Comitte took into consideration the Reference of the Cout The Comitte took into consideration the Reference of the Cort
of the 14th January relating to Mr. Bedell's Conduct & Management in Rew of the 14th January relating to Mr. Bedell's Conduct & Management in New
Spain and Read over a great many of the minutes of the Consultation Book Spain and Read over a great many of the minutes of the Consultation Book
of the Factory at veraling and Several Letters between the rest of that Pctory of the Factory at Vera Cruz and Several Letters between the rest of that Pctory
and Mr Thomas Bedell and Several Potests by the said Bedell, And thelond and Mr Thomas Bedell and Several Potests by the said Bedell, And thelond
find that pursuant to the Resolution of the Resolution of the Council of the 24th find that pursuant to the Resolution of the Resolution of the Council of the 24th
September 1716 Mr Bedell went from veraling to Orsava for recovery of Runan September 1716 Mr Bedell went from vera cruz to Orsava for recovery of Runan
in order to go thence if his health permitted, with Mr William Clarke to Meaiok in order to go thence if his health permitted, with Mr William Clarke to Meaiok
takelare of the Company's Goods Debts & Interest there. takelare of the Company's Goods Debts & Interest there.
That Clarke & Bedell arrived at Mexteo the 22d of October 1716
That Claike returned to veruling the 15th day of February 176
That in June 1717 The Factory remaining at veralrug wrote to said Belter
to return to bera Cuzand from that time continued to press said Bedell in their
Letters to hasten his said Return to veralu2
That about May 1718. said Factory pressd still more earnestly the Immedie
return of said Bedell to veraliug to Settle his Own and the Company's Accounts.
And on the 15th day of May 1718. It was Resolved in Council That sand Bul
should return to England by the Royal Prince Pursuant to the Instructions to
Factory in the Companys Letter of the 12th July 177 to send One of that Inctory in
by that thip, where of they informed said Batell by Letter of the 23th day of Wen
That the Factory finding their Pressing Instances to Mr Bedell to return to ent
Coury imfetual They gare Orderto a notary by a Indierary act of he