Fry day 19. February 1713 Fryday 19th February 1713
At a Comittee of Correspondence. At a Comittee of Correspondence.
Present Present
The Tub Goo The Depty Govd. The sub Govr
The Tub Goo The Depty Govd. The Depty Govr.
Mr Hamord Mr Fellowes Mr Hamond
Mr Hamord Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Tr. Theo Taussen Mr Lawbridge Sr. Theo Janssen
Tr. Theo Taussen Mr Lawbridge Mr Sawbridge
The Counttee Examd the Instructions to be given to Capt Cronker of the Htope The Committee Examd the Instructions to be given to Capt Cronker of the Hope
Gally And as many Directors as were present Signd the same and the true of his Gally And as many Directors as were present Signd the same and the true of his
Departure being next Munday, Departure being next Munday,
Ordered That the said Instructions be carried to the Directors houses to be Ordered That the said Instructions be carried to the Directors houses to be
Signed by a Majority of the Court that the Capt. may be dispatcht in trime Signed by a Majority of the Court that the Capt. may be dispatcht in time
and the Company not Incur Demorage and the Company not Incur Demorage
the Comittee also Agreed to an Instrument to pass under the Companys Beal The Comittee also Agreed to an Instrument to pass under the Companys Seal
to be given to the said Capt. Cartifying that the said Ship is freighted by this to be given to the said Capt. Cartifying that the said Ship is freighted by this
Company on account of the Assients Company on account of the Assiento
The said Capt laid before the Comittee a Perticular of his private Adventure Amt to The said Capt laid before the Comittee a Perticular of his private Adventure Amo to
£140 which he desired Lease to Carry out in his said ship to dispose of on lhe Coat £140 which he desired Leave to Carry out in his said ship to dispose of on the Coast
of Africa To which the Comittee agreed and orderd the Secretary to Sign the same of Africa To which the Comittee agreed and orderd the Secretary to Sign the same
in the name of the Court & given him with his other Dispatches in the name of the Court & given him with his other Dispatches
Read in Court 3d March Etsrd Read in Court 3d March Adjod.
Read in Court 3d March Etsrd Adjod.
and agreed to and agreed to