Bros $5000 Over Brot Over $5000
To the Cheif Clerk of the Secretary's office to To the Cheif Clerk of the Secretary's office to
whom belongs the Executing all the cedulds & whom belongs the Executing all the cedulas &
Dupatches Issued for the assiento, and for wch Dispatches Issued for the assiento, and for wch
he demands no other Fees Three hundred pt of he demands no other Fees Three hundred ps of
Eight 300- P ann. Eight P ann. 300
To the Agent Fiscal who dispatches all Law sith To the Agent Fiscal who dispatches all Law suits
that happen to the assients without other Fees. that happen to the assients without other Fees.
One 100:- hundred pd 3 P Ann One hundred ps 8/8 P Ann 100:-
To the Presidents. Secretary) for his care in To the Presidents. Secretary for his care in
facilitating & procuring his Masters from or facilitating & procuring his Masters from or
Signing 100 the Dispatches 100 ps Ey Pann Signing the Dispatches 100 ps 8/8 Pann 100
There is also distributed every Amas in Presents There is also distributed every Xmas in Presents
to the Councell and other Inferior Ministers to to the Councell and other Inferior Ministers to
the value of 1000 ps 1s. in Chocolate, Sugar. Wax the value of 1000 ps 8/8 in Chocolate, Sugar. Wax
Candles, Cambrick, Linnen &c tho' the Portuguess Candles, Cambrick, Linnen &c tho' the Portuguess
and other preceding assientits to the French. gave and other preceding assientits to the French. gave
much more in these presents, by which mean much more in these presents, by which mean
they 1000 faulitated their affairs they facilitated their affairs 1000
There is also distributed every Rinas amongst There is also distributed every Xmas amongst
the Porters & Bayliffs of the Council Inferior the Porters & Bayliffs of the Council Inferior
officers & Clerks of the Secretary's, offices. Page officers & Clerks of the Secretary's, offices. Page
and 400 Servants to the Councellors 400 P Ann and Servants to the Councellors 400 P Ann 400
$6900 $6900
And that Mr Bowles draw bills on the Cashier of the Company And that Mr Bowles draw bills on the Cashier of the Company
for the same, unless he can (consistent with the Co. Interest) prevail for the same, unless he can (consistent with the Co. Interest) prevail
with them to comence them Later. with them to comence them Later.
The The