Friday 4 April 1717. Friday 4 April 1717.
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The deputy Governor The deputy Governor
DE. Baunt Mr Blunt
212 Read Mr Read
The Comittee Pursuant to Order of the Court the 20th february last The Comittee Pursuant to Order of the Court the 20th february last
took into Consideration Mr. Bowless Letter of the 25 th. Janll desiring an= took into Consideration Mr. Bowless Letter of the 25 th. Janll desiring an=
Allowance towares his Equipage or setting out and transporting himself and Allowance towares his Equipage or setting out and transporting himself and
servants from London to Madied. And the Recessary ffurniture for his bouse servants from London to Madied. And the Recessary ffurniture for his bouse
As also a Consideration for receiving Remisses and payments made to the As also a Consideration for receiving Remisses and payments made to the
king of Spain And for Losses in Receits of Money Porterage &c And king of Spain And for Losses in Receits of Money Porterage &c And
risques of Cash Notes given by Traders, and for the Charge he risques of Cash Notes given by Traders, and for the Charge he
is at in Imploying hands to get Bills Accepted & Reed in time is at in Imploying hands to get Bills Accepted & Reed in time
Whereupon the Comm. came to the following Resolutions Whereupon the Comm. came to the following Resolutions
viz vizt
Resolvd. That it appears to this Comms that Mr Bowles had the 1 Resolvd. That it appears to this Comms that Mr Bowles had the
same Allowance for his possage & all other advances made him as any same Allowance for his possage & all other advances made him as any
of the Companys Factors that went to the Several parts of the of the Companys Factors that went to the Several parts of the
Spanish Wett Indies Except in some Household Goods, And that Spanish West Indies Except in some Household Goods, And that
his Sallary commencing from the time of his Arrival at Cadiz his Sallary commencing from the time of his Arrival at Cadiz
was much sooner than any of theirs which did not Commence was much sooner than any of theirs which did not Commence
till their Arrival at the Respective ports till their Arrival at the Respective ports
That as to the Turniture of his house the Commrs. 2 That as to the Furniture of his house the Commrs.
are of Opinion, That he be Allowed 200 towards it That are of Opinion, That he be Allowed £200 towards it That
Sum having been allowd to each of the Factories) and that Sum having been allowd to each of the Factories) And that
the Goods bought with that Money be Inventoryed as the the Goods bought with that Money be Inventoryed as the
Companys property in like manner as those for the Several Companys property in like manner as those for the Several
Factories Factories