Thursday 25 October 176 Thursday 25th October 1716
At a Committee of Correspondence At a Committee of Correspondence
Present. Present.
The Deputy Governour The Deputy Governour
Mr. Astell Mr. Astell
Mr Fellower Mr Fellowes
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr Reade Mr Reade
Resolved That it is the opinion of this Committee thatahhd of the Resolved That it is the opinion of this Committee that a hhd of the
best Canary be Provided as a Present to the Govr. of Buenorayees best Canary be Provided as a Present to the Govr. of Buenos ayres
And that Mr Thruppe provide the same and take care of the And that Mr Thruppe provide the same and take care of the
Bottleng it off Bottling it off
A Letter from Capt. Patrick Trahee of this day was read A Letter from Capt. Patrick Trahee of this day was read
desiring permission to ship on board the ship going to Buener Ayres sundey desiring permission to ship on board the ship going to Buenos Ayres sundry
necessaries therein mentioned for the proper wear of Mr Paul Aylwaedall necessaries therein mentioned for the proper wear of Mr Paul Aylward all
to be put in a small Trunk. to be put in a small Trunk.
Resolved That it is the opinion of this comittee that the Court be Resolved That it is the opinion of this comittee that the Court be
moved to give leave for shiping the said necessaries accordingly. moved to give leave for shiping the said necessaries accordingly.
The Committee agreed to the Draught of a Deputation to pas The Committee agreed to the Draught of a Deputation to pas
under the Seal of the Company appointing John Thruppe Esqr Presat. under the Seal of the Company appointing John Thruppe Esqr Presat.
Bened Thistlethwayte Seremiah Mount and Joseph de Lannoy Benedt Thistlethwayte Jeremiah Mount and Joseph de Lannoy
to be the Companys Agents & Factors at Buenos Ayres in all matter to be the Companys Agents & Factors at Buenos Ayres in all matter
relating to the assiento, and William Shilps to be Surgeon to the relating to the assiento, and William Shilps to be Surgeon to the
Sactory. Factory.
And And