Thursday 5th. August 1731 Thursday 5th. August 1731
At a Comittee for Correspondence & Factories At a Comittee for Correspondence & Factories
Present Present
The Sub Governor The Sub Governor
Sr. Fno Lock McSavill Sr. Fno Lock McSavill
Mr. Roberts Mr. Roberts
The Comittee proceeded on the Courts reference relating to the Buenos The Comittee proceeded on the Courts reference relating to the Buenos
Ayres Factory, and Capt. Goldborough attending, was calld in Ayres Factory, and Capt. Goldborough attending, was calld in
And being asked, whether on a Sunday or some other day Mr And being asked, whether on a Sunday or some other day Mr
Brown disputed with him about his dress, or Concerning his not Brown disputed with him about his dress, or Concerning his not
obeying his Orders, Answerd, That one Sunday Mr Brown did Dispute obeying his Orders, Answerd, That one Sunday Mr Brown did Dispute
with him about his Dress, to which he [(the Capt) replied, That he with him about his Dress, to which he [the Capt] replied, That he
would not obey his Orders & would Dress as he pleasd. That Words would not obey his Orders & would Dress as he pleasd. That Words
arising Mr Brownspit in his face, wth the Capt. return'd again. arising Mr Brown spit in his face, wch the Capt. return'd again.
That Mr Browne Ordered That the Sailors should That Mr Browne Ordered That the Sailors should
come aft to prayers, and that He (the Capt.] forbid it telling him come aft to prayers, and that He [the Capt.] forbid it telling him
That he himself was Capt, And the Sailors should Obey ne Orders That he himself was Capt, And the Sailors should Obey no Orders
but his, That afterwards prayers were read, the Sailors not but his, That afterwards prayers were read, the Sailors not
attending. attending.
Being asked Whether Mr. Browne had at any Being asked Whether Mr. Browne had at any
time fet the Sailors against him, Or endeavour'd to have him time fet the Sailors against him, Or endeavour'd to have him
brought brought