to procede further at reat Meeting. to procede further at next Meeting.
The Sub Governor Acquainted the Comittee that the late Mr Wescomb The Sub Governor Acquainted the Comittee that the late Mr Wescomb
had omitted to send to the Agents at Famaica, their Deprtation and had omitted to send to the Agents at Jamaica, their Deputation and
other powers, the seald by the Company, and the Covenants to be Executed other powers, the seald by the Company, and the Covenants to be Executed
by them tho One part thereof was also Seald, for that Mr Smith had by them tho One part thereof was also Seald, for that Mr Smith had
found them among divers printed papers lying in a Corner of the Office, found them among divers printed papers lying in a Corner of the Office,
And that having sent to the Persons who were formerly Suretys for And that having sent to the Persons who were formerly Suretys for
Mr Pratter (vizt. Col. Thompson & Mr Searl) they had been here Mr Pratter (vizt. Colo. Thompson & Mr Searl) they had been here
and Executed the Bond for his Tidelity, but that the Persons who had and Executed the Bond for his Tidelity, but that the Persons who had
been proposed as Suritys for Mr Rigby were at present in the Country, been proposed as Suritys for Mr Rigby were at present in the Country,
That having Considered this Affair he thought it best the said powers, That having Considered this Affair he thought it best the said powers,
together with One part of the said Indenture, should be sent the said together with One part of the said Indenture, should be sent the said
Agents, And had directed the Secretary to forward them and Acquaint Agents, And had directed the Secretary to forward them and Acquaint
them upon their Executing and returning that part of said Indenture, them upon their Executing and returning that part of said Indenture,
the other should be Exchanged for it, All which the Comittee approve, the other should be Exchanged for it, All which the Comittee approve,
and Ordered the Secretary to write again to Mr Rigbys Securitys, and Ordered the Secretary to write again to Mr Rigbys Securitys,
and if they refuse to Execute the Bond for him to Acquaint the and if they refuse to Execute the Bond for him to Acquaint the
Comittee thereof. Comittee thereof.
Adjournd. Adjourn'd.