Thursday 10th. August 1732. Thursday 10th. August 1732.
At a Comittee for Correspondence & Factory At a Comittee for Correspondence & Factory
Present. Present.
The Sub Governor The Sub Governor
The Depty. Governor The Depty. Governor
Sir John Lock Mr Burrill Sir John Lock Mr Burrill
Mr Roberts Mr Roberts
Sr. T.Geraldine Sr. T. Geraldino
Mr Savill Mr Savill
Mr Gambier having laid befor the Comittee the Draft of the Covenants Mr Gambier having laid befor the Comittee the Draft of the Covenants
or Agreement to be executed by & between the Comp & Messrs Spencer or Agreement to be executed by & between the Compa & Messrs Spencer
Bastie for their supplying on their own Account the Kingdom of
New Spain with Negroes, The same was read & setled by the Comittee New Spain with Negroes, The same was read & setled by the Comittee
And Mr Spencer, as also Saml Clarke Esqr who attended on And Mr Spencer, as also Saml Clarke Esqr who attended on
the behalf of the said Mr Bastie, being present during the reading & the behalf of the said Mr Bastie, being present during the reading &
Settling of the said Agreement, Concurred therein Settling of the said Agreement, Concurred therein
And Mr Spencer Agreed to Execute the same and a Bond for And Mr Spencer Agreed to Execute the same and a Bond for
the performance thereof both for himself and on the behalf of the said the performance thereof both for himself and on the behalf of the said
Bashi Bastie
The Comittee likewise read and setted the Praft of an Indenture The Comittee likewise read and setted the Draft of an Indenture
of Covenants to be Executed by the said Mr Spencer for himself of Covenants to be Executed by the said Mr Spencer for himself
and on the behalf of Mr Bastie, and also by Messrs Burrow & and on the behalf of Mr Bastie, and also by Messrs Burrow &
Holland and Capt Mead as Suprabargoes of the Royal Caroline, Holland and Capt Mead as Supra Cargoes of the Royal Caroline,
Against any Unlicens'd or private Trade Against any Unlicens'd or private Trade
And read and Settled the Draft of an other Indenture of And read and Settled the Draft of an other Indenture of
Covenants to be Executed by the said Parties in the like manner Covenants to be Executed by the said Parties in the like manner
for their Fidelity to the Company in the Sale of the said for their Fidelity to the Company in the Sale of the said
Ships Ships