Thursday 3d August 1732. Thursday 3d August 1732.
At alomittee for Correspondence & Tactorys At alomittee for Correspondence & Tactorys
Present. Present.
The Sub Governor The Sub Governor
The Depty. Governor The Depty. Governor
Mr Burrill Sir John Lock Mr Burrill Sir John Lock
Mr Savill Mr Savill
Mr Lewin One of the Writers to the Supralargoes of the Reogal Mr Lewin One of the Writers to the Supra Cargoes of the Royal
Caroline, having prepared for his Securitys in ₤500 for his Tidelity. Caroline, having prepared for his Securitys in ₤500 for his Fidelity.
Mr Robert Salusbury of Buttolph Lane Mercht Mr Robert Salusbury of Buttolph Lane Mercht
and and
Mr Thomas Tarrant of Southwark Chessmonger Mr Thomas Tarrant of Southwark Cheesemonger
The Comittee approvd of them. The Comittee approvd of them.
Capt Steevens of the Companys Sloop St. Philip also proposed Capt Steevens of the Companys Sloop St. Philip also proposed
Sir George Walton Knight Sir George Walton Knight
and and
Mr Joseph Wyndham of Austin Fryers Linnen Draper Mr Joseph Wyndham of Austin Fryers Linnen Draper
for his Security in £2000 for his Fedelity, whom the Comittee likewise for his Security in £2000 for his Fedelity, whom the Comittee likewise
approved. approved.
Order Order
That the Secretary prepare Bonds in the usual That the Secretary prepare Bonds in the usual
Form to be Executed by the said Parties Form to be Executed by the said Parties
A Letter to Mr Keene prepared inpursuance of the Courts Order A Letter to Mr Keene prepared inpursuance of the Courts Order
the 25th Ult desiring him to enquire of the Directors de la Ventadel the 25th Ult desiring him to enquire of the Directors de la Ventadel
Tobaco at Seville What Quantity of Tobacces Manojos they are Tobaco at Seville What Quantity of Tobacces Manojos they are
willing to take Annually of the Company and at what price, to willing to take Annually of the Company and at what price, to
be Introduced by way of badiz. And advising Mr Keine of be Introduced by way of badiz. And advising Mr Keine of
other other