Paying the mony for each Licente Down & paying it at Paying the mony for each License Down & paying it at
Time and Duchursed Mr Wodbridge thereupon Time and Discoursed Mr Wodbridge thereupon
Resolvd. That it is the Opinion of the Comnt. bat Resolvd. That it is the Opinion of the Commee. that
the Persons who shall pay the money down for ye Licentes the Persons who shall pay the money down for ye Licenses
be allowed 2 1/2 P Cent for Prompt payment & that there be allowed 2 1/2 P Cent for Prompt payment & that there
who Require Time pay after the Rate of 10 p Cent P Ann who Require Time pay after the Rate of 10 p Cent P Ann
Interest for six months, or untill the Return of ye ships Interest for six months, or untill the Return of ye ships
which shall first happen which shall first happen
The Comme. alo disoursed Mr Wordbridge relating The Commee. alo discoursed Mr Woodbridge relating
to his Commission or allowance for Isueing the sd. Licchfes to his Commission or allowance for Isseing the sd. Licenses
and Transacting the Companys Business at Barbadoes and Transacting the Companys Business at Barbadoes
And he proposed to have 4 P st for Issuing the sd Licenfes And he proposed to have 4 P Ct for Issuing the sd Licenses
when the money for the same shall be Reel &c 4 Pot when the money for the same shall be Recd &c 4 P Ct
for Remilling returns for Remitting returns
Order'd. That the same be laid before the Court Order'd. That the same be laid before the Court
And Mr Woodbridge was desired to Repare to Lay before the And Mr Woodbridge was desired to Prepare to Lay before the
Com. at their next meeting such further Scheme as Commee. at their next meeting such further Scheme as
may be Proper for the Information of the Commrs. may be Proper for the Information of the Commee. wth
Refpect to the Licensing the Windward Trade and other affairs Respect to the Licensing the Windward Trade and other affairs
under his Management. under his Management.
A greed to meet Tuesday next at 45 in ye Evening Agreed to meet Tuesday next at 4-5 in ye Evening
Read in Court 20th Nov 1717
Lap. Adjod