Donday 20 Febq 1715. Monday 20th Febry 1715.
At a Comittee of Corresponoence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present. Present.
The Dept. Governour The Depty. Governour
Mr Astell Mr Astell
Mr Reade Mr Reade
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
TeComtle of acounts having Frenmted The Comittee of acounts having Transmitted
to this Comittee their Objectons to Mr Woods Tournal & Leidger to this Comittee their Objectons to Mr Woods Journal & Leidger
the comittee took the same into Consideration and the comittee took the same into Consideration and
Ordr That the accountant make a fair copy of the said Ordr That the accountant make a fair copy of the said
Journal & Leidger with the observations & objections of the Journal & Leidger with the observations & objections of the
Comittee thereto. In order to be sent to Messrs Thompson Morri Comittee thereto. In order to be sent to Messrs Thompson, Morris
& Pratter for their agreeing & adjusting the same conformable & Pratter for their agreeing & adjusting the same conformable
to the agreement made with Mr Wood: or the usage in such to the agreement made with Mr Wood: or the usage in such
cases, and that Letters be writ to the said Messrs Thompson cases, and that Letters be writ to the said Messrs Thompson
& Company and Mr Wood for that purpose & Company and Mr Wood for that purpose
Ordr That the accountant Examine from Mr Woods said Ordd That the accountant Examine from Mr Woods said
Journal & Leidger, how many Nagroes he reced. what he sold Journal & Leidger, how many Negroes he reced. what he sold
from time to time, and make a calculate of the whole charge from time to time, and make a calculate of the whole charge
of negroe Provisions, and what each hegroe stands in of negroe Provisions, and what each negroe stands in P
Dem for their maintenance and how much I head for Diem for their maintenance and how much I head for
Doctors Phisick & v Doctors Phisick & ca
Ordr That this Committee be Sumoned to meet next Ordr That this Committee be Sumoned to meet next
Thursday at 4.5 in the Afternoon to answer Letters Thursday at 4.5 in the Afternoon to answer Letters
Adj. Adjd.