Tuesday 22. January 1733 Tuesday 22d. January 1733
At a Committee for Correspondence. At a Committee for Correspondence.
Present Present
The SubGovernor The Sub Governor
Sr. T. Geraldins Sr. T. Geraldino
Sr. John Lade Mr Conslad Sr. John Lade Mr Cowslad
Mr Gaultier Mr Gaultier
Inpursuance of the Refrencer of the last Curt, this Comittee In pursuance of the Refrencer of the last Court, this Comittee
took into Consideration the Draught of a Petition of the Company took into Consideration the Draught of a Petition of the Company
to his Majesty in Council praying the Repeal of an Act wch to his Majesty in Council praying the Repeal of an Act wch
the Governor Council and Assembly of Jamaica had pass'd the Governor Council and Assembly of Jamaica had pass'd
laying Dutys on Negroes Imported at that Island, and laying Dutys on Negroes Imported at that Island, and
approvd thereof, and Order'd it to be laid before the Court approvd thereof, and Order'd it to be laid before the Court
and if they approve of it, That the Secretary send it to and if they approve of it, That the Secretary send it to
Mr Wood who has the Care of the Bristol and Liverpool Mr Wood who has the Care of the Bristol and Liverpool
Merchants Petition, and desire he will appear also on Merchants Petition, and desire he will appear also on
behalf of this Company behalf of this Company
The Secretary Reported, that in obedience to the order of The Secretary Reported, that in obedience to the order of
this Comittee at last meeting he had wrote to Mr Wadham this Comittee at last meeting he had wrote to Mr Wadham
Wyndham (late of the VeraCruz Factory) concerning the Wyndham (late of the Vera Cruz Factory) concerning the
Pacquet which he and Mr Bashe had receivd from Mr Pacquet which he and Mr Bastie had receivd from Mr
Bowles one of the Supra Cargoes of the Prince Frederick Bowles one of the Supra Cargoes of the Prince Frederick
ather departure from Terasniz- but that he had not ather departure from Vera Cruz- but that he had not
receivd any answer from the said Mr Wynd ham receivd any answer from the said Mr Wyndham
Recdin Court 5d Read in Court 5d
Adjounnd Adjourn'd