The Committee pursuant to Order of the Cust Gesterday The Committee pursuant to Order of the Cust Gesterday
prepared a humble Memorral to his Majesty Upon the Subject Matter prepared a humble Memorral to his Majesty Upon the Subject Matter
of the Margs Grimaldes Cett to Colls Stanhope relating to the Suspending of the Margs Grimaldes Cett to Colls Stanhope relating to the Suspending
The Companys Annual Ship the Royal Prince And praying his The Companys Annual Ship the Royal Prince And praying his
Majesty's Protection, And that Colll Stanhope may habe his Majr Majesty's Protection, And that Colll Stanhope may habe his Majr
Instructions for obtaining his EMc Cedula for the Ships deplarture Instructions for obtaining his EMc Cedula for the Ships deplarture
this year according to the Treaty. this year according to the Treaty.
Ord Ordd
That the Sectr Sign the said Memorial as by Order of Court That the Sectr Sign the said Memorial as by Order of Court
And that the same be deliverd this Night to the 1th Htonble the And that the same be deliverd this Night to the 1th Htonble the
Lord Carteret in Order to be laid before his Majesty Lord Carteret in Order to be laid before his Majesty
Read & agned to Read & agreed to
Fy 10 August 1722 Friday 10th August 1722
Ay. Adjd.
Tusday 7. August 1722. Tuesday 7. August 1722.
If a Committee of Correspondence If a Committee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Dept. Gov. Mr Broke The Dept. Govr. Mr Broke
Mr. Pif8 Mr. Pitt
Mr Ayles Mr Ayles
Mr Wood Mr Wood
The Committee Settled the Draft of the Companys Intructions The Committee Settled the Draft of the Companys Intructions
to the Agents at Jamaica Except that part which relates to the providing to the Agents at Jamaica Except that part which relates to the providing
the necessarys for the Nigroes at Jamaica which the Committee of the necessarys for the Negroes at Jamaica which the Committee of
Shipthg have now under their Consideration. Shiping have now under their Consideration.
The Committee also agred to the draft of the Art to be The Committee also agreed to the draft of the Arts to be
Casd into between the Company and their said Agents Entd into between the Company and their said Agents
O Ordd