He fend therein also the Declaration of Cox & Savill Dated the He sends therein also the Declaration of Cox & Savill Dated the
22d Febry of Mr Hiltons Refusal to Cofy the Minutes of Cuncil of 22d Febry of Mr Hiltons Refusal to Cofy the Minutes of Cuncil of
the 10th Febry the for greater secresy of the Companys Affairs he had Copy'd
all former Minutes And the beggd by Mr Brown to do it he Could not be all former Minutes And the beggd by Mr Brown to do it he Could not be
prevaild on. prevaild on.
What Reason Mr Hilton had for Refusing to Copy those What Reason Mr Hilton had for Refusing to Copy those
Minutes are not set forth by Mr Brown, nor the other Factors in Minutes are not set forth by Mr Brown, nor the other Factors in
their Declaration, had it been that he Disapprovd them it might their Declaration, had it been that he Disapprovd them it might
have been some Excuse, but the Comittee Observe that they are have been some Excuse, but the Comittee Observe that they are
Sign'd by all the Factors. Sign'd by all the Factors.
If he lookd on it as no part of his Business and that is If he lookd on it as no part of his Business and that is
was below him to do it, the Comittee cannot think his refusal was below him to do it, the Comittee cannot think his refusal
on such Account Justifyable, because the Reason given by the Factors on such Account Justifyable, because the Reason given by the Factors
why he was directed to Copy their Minutes was for the greater Secresy why he was directed to Copy their Minutes was for the greater Secresy
of them and he had all along Cosyd them to that time without of them and he had all along Cosyd them to that time without
Scruple. Scruple.
Mc Brownsend likewise two Letters from Dr. Young the surge Mr Brown sends likewise two Letters from Dr. Young the surgeon
to the Factory Dated the 26th March & c April the first signifying to the Factory Dated the 26th March & c April the first signifying
that Hilton had only been twice or Thrice only to visit the Negros since the
Arrival of the Bonita & Lawrence, which was the 26th & 30t of Jany Arrival of the Bonita & Lawrence, which was the 26th & 30th of Janry
before, The other, that he had not as yet been to Visit the Negros meaning before, The other, that he had not as yet been to Visit the Negros meaning
since the first Letter. since the first Letter.
The Occasion of Mr Browns sending these 2 Letters is to The Occasion of Mr Browns sending these 2 Letters is to
Shew Mr Hilton's Neglect of Duty, for that he was desird several Shew Mr Hilton's Neglect of Duty, for that he was desir'd several
times times