Thursday 1th June 1718 Thursday 12th June 1718
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present. Present.
The Deputy Governour The Deputy Governour
Mr Astell Mr. Astell
Mr Gore Mr. Gore
Mc Chester Mr. Chester
Sr. John Lambert Sr. John Lambert
Mr Gibbon Mr. Gibbon
The Comitte wote a Letter to Mr. Bowles to be sert by him pth The Comitte wote a Letter to Mr. Bowles to be sent by this nights
Post. Post.
Mr Shea attended the Committee and acquainted them that Sr. William Conand Mr Shea attended the Committee and acquainted them that Sr. William Conand
the Court thanks for their having comply'd with his request in Permitting Mr Gara the Court thanks for their having comply'd with his request in Permitting Mr Garcia
to embarh on the Herbert Galley bound to veraluy and represented to the Comittee the to embark on the Herbert Galley bound to veraluy and represented to the Comittee the
the young Gentl. being distant from his friends and wanting some assistance the young Gentl. being distant from his friends and wanting some assistance
Supporting the Expences of the boyage. And the Comittee having taken the same it Supporting the Expences of the Voyage. And the Comittee having taken the same it
consideration are of opinion that in regard of Sr. Wm Eons recomendation the long consideration are of opinion that in regard of Sr. Wm Eons recomendation the long
be at the charge of his Passage out & home and that during his stay at the starvane be at the charge of his Passage out & home and that during his stay at the starvane
and veraling the Factories pay him 1f Pdeem to be computed from the time of te and veraling the Factories pay him 1f Pdeem to be computed from the time of te
ship arrival at these respective Pactonies to that of her departure, And that the ship arrival at these respective Pactonies to that of her departure, And that the
said Factories be instructed accordingly said Factories be instructed accordingly
The Comitte prepared a Letter to the veralry Factory and order The Comitte prepared a Letter to the Vera Cruz Factory and ordered
it to be laid before the Court it to be laid before the Court
X Adjd.