The Comittee finding that a Salary of Twohousand Doll. The Comittee finding that a Salary of Two thousand Dollrs.
was Sitled by the Court the 29th June 1715 on Mr Uzarde to was Settled by the Court the 29th June 1715 on Mr Uzardi to
Comence the 25th Febry 1714 the Day Mr Bowles Rrewed Comence the 25th Febry 1714 the Day Mr Bowles Arrived
in Spain in Spain
Rest. That it is the opinion of this Committee, that he have Resd. That it is the opinion of this Committee, that he have
a Gratification of One thousand Dollars, for what he did with a Gratification of One thousand Dollars, for what he did with
relation to the assiento before he was setled by the Court as their relation to the assiento before he was setled by the Court as their
Agent or his said Salary comenced, and that the said 1000 Doll Agent or his said Salary comenced, and that the said 1000 Dollr
and his past Salary be cast up according to the Course of and his past Salary be cast up according to the Course of
Exchange, and an account made up accordingly and sent him, and Exchange, and an account made up accordingly and sent him, and
Mr Bowles pay him the Ballance due to him, ac also that his Mr Bowles pay him the Ballance due to him, ac also that his
luture Salary be paid by Mr Bowles there Quarterly and Charged future Salary be paid by Mr Bowles there Quarterly and Charged
to the Company. to the Company.
Order. That the Secretary, againt the nest meeting of this Order. That the Secretary, againt the nest meeting of this
comittee prepare the form of the Account of the ships sent Out comittee prepare the form of the Account of the ships sent Out
as also of those that came on the Assiento, in order to be transmitted as also of those that came on the Assiento, in order to be transmitted
to the Court of Madred according to the 26th Article of the to the Court of Madrid according to the 26th Article of the
Assients, and get 2 Books to enter the same, as also to draw Assiento, and get 2 Books to enter the same, as also to draw
out a List of those already sent out, and such as are returned out a List of those already sent out, and such as are returned
in Order thereto in Order thereto
Thi committee Read Mr Uardis Letter of the 1t. Inct This committee Read Mr Uzardis Letter of the 1st. Inst
Ordr That the Secretary wrte to him that the Court of Ordr That the Secretary wrte to him that the Court of
Directors desire to know what assignments are made on the Directors desire to know what assignments are made on the
Company out of the Duties & Profits of the assients, and Company out of the Duties & Profits of the assiento, and
whether whether