what part for the Person or Persons who shall be employed in that affair on the what part for the Person or Persons who shall be employed in that affair on the
behalf of the Company or in what other method you wil please to have it put in behalf of the Company or in what other method you wil please to have it put in
Execution Execution
I conceive it may be proper that St Augustine lying on the Continent 2 I conceive it may be proper that St Augustine lying on the Continent
on the Sonda shore near the month of the Gulph, be included in the Licences, which on the Florida shore near the month of the Gulph, be included in the Licences, which
may take off from 10 to 15 pienas de India pann? may take off from 10 to 15 piezas de India p ann
3 Tho Cowa be the Cheef of the Windward Produce; yet for as much as in 3 Tho Cocoa be the Cheif of the Windward Produce; yet for as much as in
some places there may be other Fruits of the Country fit to be transported. I humbly some places there may be other Fruits of the Country fit to be transported. I humbly
conceive it Proper to grant leave to the Licenced Ships to transport any other conceive it Proper to grant leave to the Licenced Ships to transport any other
fruts of the Country as well as Cowa. fruts of the Country as well as Cocoa
I am humbly of opinion that it will be prover to setle here the form 4. I am humbly of opinion that it will be prover to setle here the form
of the Licences and article & Bonds and to have them Printed. And if yor Hon? of the Licences and article & Bonds and to have them Printed. And if yor Honrs
are of the same Sentiments. You will please to give direction for preparing draugly are of the same Sentiments. You will please to give direction for preparing draughts
of him. of them.
5 Forasmuch as the Court of Directors deigned 2 Factors at the Havance 5 For as much as the Court of Directors deigned 2 Factors at the Havana
and Mr Graves having retrred from that employment. I think it not amiss to mention and Mr Graves having retrred from that employment. I think it not amiss to mention
whether it be yor Pleasure to have that setlement continued under one Person, if not whether it be yor Pleasure to have that setlement continued under one Person, if not
whether you will please to appoint another your Selves to be joined with Mr whether you will please to appoint another your Selves to be joined with Mr
Parril or leave it to me so to do, when or according as I find you affairs require the Farril or leave it to me so to do, when or according as I find you affairs require the
same same
I have annexd hereto an Account of the disposition of the 24 papes 6 I have annexd hereto an Account of the disposition of the 24 passes
Irecr from yo Honl and where the same noware with the Regulations that lav I recd from yo Honrs and where the same noware with the Regulations that have
been made thereon been made thereon
Should the Vesels in the assento Service be Permitted to wear different 7 Should the Vesels in the assento Service be Permitted to wear different
Colours on the Spanish Coast (as suppose the Company's Arms Quarter'd on their Colours on the Spanish Coast (as suppose the Company's Arms Quarter'd on their
Ensigns ] it may be of constenance and Protection to them from the Guard delates Ensigns) it may be of countenance and Protection to them from the Guard de Costa
and more Particularly Satisfactory to the Spaniards, who on their arrival may and more Particularly Satisfactory to the Spaniards, who on their arrival may
distinguish the same. distinguish the same.
8 Having had but one Seal & Mask sent me which by Accident 8 Having had but one Seal & Mask sent me which by Accident
May May