Wednesday 11th August. 1711 Wednesday 11th August 1711
At a Committee of Correspondence At a Committee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Depty Go: C Sr. Theo: Taussen The Depty Gor: Chr 
The Depty Go: C Sr. Theo: Taussen Sr. Theo: Taussen
Mr Dolliffe Sr. Joseph Martin Mr Dolliffe
Mr Dolliffe Sr. Joseph Martin Sr. Joseph Martin
Sr. Saml Clarke Mr Vernon Sr. Saml Clarke
Sr. Saml Clarke Mr Vernon Mr Vernon
Dr Daye attending wer ald in and erconed with ipe the Dr Paige attending was calld in and discours'd with upon the
Subject of his Proporal which was referrd this day by the Caut to this Subject of his Proposal which was referrd this day by the Court to this
Comittee vizt of his being dispatched with the Companys orders for Jamaica Comittee vizt Of his being dispatched with the Companys orders for Jamaica
& ove or more Factors to Assist hum to take from thence to the several Spanish & one or more Factors to Assist him to take from thence to the several Spanish
Ports Such Negros as shall be foured fitt for that Market Ports Such Negros as shall be found fitt for that Market
And Proposed to seve the Company, either upon the terms in his proposal 		And Proposed to serve the Company, either upon the terms in his proposal
or by way of Sallary at £1000 Paud Jamaica Money & £1000 Paue or by way of Sallary at £1000 P ann Jamaica Money & £1000 P ann
more for a Partner to be pined with him in case of Mortality more for a Partner to be joined with him in case of Mortality
D Dover was als calld in & deconst with upon that Subject, and 		Dr Dover was also calld in & discourst with upon that Subject, And
proposed to seve the Company, for himself & 3 Persons under him at proposed to serve the Company, for himself & 3 Persons under him at
£2000 Pcun Jamaica Marey, or for himself alone at £1500 Paune £2000 P ann Jamaica Money, or for himself alone at £1500 P ann
And it was his Opinion that the Negior should be carried directly And it was his Opinion that the Negroes should be carried directly
from the windward Coast to the Spanish west Indies, without calling at from the windward Coast to the Spanish west Indies, without calling at
Jamaica orelswhere Jamaica or elswhere.
Resolved, that he Cautle moved o wite o their Agents at Resolved, that he Court be moved to wite to their Agents at
Jamaica that such of the Companys Negros as shall arrive there and are fitt Jamaica that such of the Companys Negros as shall arrive there and are fitt