Thursday 2. July 177 Thursday 2. July 177
At a Comittee for Correspondence & Factorys At a Comittee for Correspondence & Factorys
Present Present
The SubGovernor The SubGovernor
Sr. Jno Lock Mr. Savill Sr. Jno Lock Mr. Savill
Mr. Roberts Mr. Roberts
The Comrs having pursuant to the Reference of the Court Considerd The Comee having pursuant to the Reference of the Court Considerd
of the Application made by Mr Dundas appointed Lr Factor in of the Application made by Mr Dundas appointed 4th Factor in
the Pan & pt belo Factory, and as the 3d & 4t Factors Comrs are equal the Pan & pt belo Factory, and as the 3d & 4th Factors Comns are equal
the Comrs are of Opinion that £600 be advancd him being the same as the Comee are of Opinion that £600 be advancd him being the same as
was advanced to Mr Echlin as 3d was advanced to Mr Echlin as 3d
The Comrs settled the Drafts of the New Indr of Coven The Comee settled the Drafts of the New Indr of Coven
for the Pan & pt belo Factory; & Instructions thereupon to be for the Pan & Pto belo Factory; & Instructions thereupon to be
inserted in the General Letter to the Factory which was read in inserted in the General Letter to the Factory which was read in
the last Court. the last Court.
Also Settled the Drafts of the new Deputation & power of Also Settled the Drafts of the new Deputation & power of
Altorney to be sent to the Tactory and of an Instrument revoking Altorney to be sent to the Tactory and of an Instrument revoking
the former Deputation the former Deputation
And directed the Secry to take Mr Gambiers Assistance And directed the Secry to take Mr Gambiers Assistance
in settling the Form of a Security Bond to be given by the Comp. in settling the Form of a Security Bond to be given by the Comps.
Factors in future to be done in such manner as that the same may Factors in future to be done in such manner as that the same may
not determine wth the Factors Art as hitherto, but to be of force so as not determine wth the Factors Art as hitherto, but to be of force so as