The Committee Observe further that Mr. Shilps who was The Committee Observe further that Mr. Shelps who was
appointed by the Court as Surgion to the Factory is returned, And that appointed by the Court as Surgeon to the Factory is returned, And that
none has since been appointed by the Court, but that one Mylan hasbu none has since been appointed by the Court, but that one Mylan has been
put in by the Tactory which they likewise Submit to the Court put in by the Factory which they likewise Submit to the Court
The Committee Rsene that it doe not appear by the Gout The Committee Obvserve that it does not appear by the Last
Letters from thence but that the Whole Factory are Dead exept Mr Thinpe Letters from thence but that the Whole Factory are Dead except Mr Thruppe
For that he only has Sign'd, without any other of e Factors, which if they For that he only has Sign'd, without any other of the Factors, which if they
nere living, is directly Contrary to their Instructions. were living, is directly Contrary to their Instructions.
Rode Cout Read in Court
Thursday 15 March 1721
Adjd.
DSednesday 20. March 1722 Wednesday 28th. March 1722
I a Committee of Correspondence At a Committee of Correspondence
Present Present
Mr Ayles Mr Ayles
Mr Brooke Mr Brooke
Mr Ptt Mr Ptt
Mr Tellieun Mr Tellieux
The Committee prepared a letter to the Buines Ayres Factory The Committee prepared a letter to the Buenos Ayres Factory
And Instructions to Capp. Serard of the Assiento Frigate bound to Angela And Instructions to Capt. Tizzard of the Assiento Frigate bound to Angola
and Buenos Ayres And and Buenos Ayres And
Ord. Them to be laid before the Court Ordd. Them to be laid before the Court
The Committee are of Opinion that the late Courts Letter of The Committee are of Opinion that the late Courts Letter of
the 7th March 1712 referd to in the present letter be all sent them the 7th March 1712 referd to in the present letter be all sent them
Rest That it is the opinion of this Committee that his Excellency Rest That it is the opinion of this Committee that his Excellency
the Spanish Ambassador and also the Chevl Con be desired to give ther the Spanish Ambassador and also the Chevl Eon be desired to give ther
Letters of Recommendation to the Govr of Bunas Ayres to go by this hif Letters of Recommendation to the Govr of Buenos Ayres to go by this Ship
p Resd