Detail of their Complaints against him and will Consequently Shorten Detail of their Complaints against him and will Consequently Shorten
the Comittees Observations here. the Comittees Observations here.
His first Lletter to the Court is of the 1t of April design'd, as His first Letter to the Court is of the 1t of April design'd, as
has been Observ'd occasionally before to be sign'd by the Factory, In has been Observ'd occasionally before to be sign'd by the Factory, In
which he gives a very long and Particular Account of the Companys which he gives a very long and Particular Account of the Companys
Affairs & Circumstances there, and Complains only of the Factors for Affairs & Circumstances there, and Complains only of the Factors for
refusing to sign it. refusing to sign it.
In another Letter of the same Date, He says Capt Gold bro In another Letter of the same Date, He says Capt Goldsbro'
has sown seed of Dissention in the Factory, and that he can never has sown seed of Dissention in the Factory, and that he can never
make Good the Damages done the Company & Factory, and says the make Good the Damages done the Company & Factory, and says the
other Factors will do nothing but what they please. other Factors will do nothing but what they please.
Says he Can't as yet send his proofs of their Divisions because Says he Can't as yet send his proofs of their Divisions because
the Captains Thinking themselves Aggrieved, have taken Measures the Captains Thinking themselves Aggrieved, have taken Measures
for their Enlargement as they best can Answer for their Enlargement as they best can Answer
In his Letter of the 2d April he send the several Papers In his Letter of the 2d April he send the several Papers
that have Reference to the Disprites between the other Gentlemen that have Reference to the Disprites between the other Gentlemen
and himself Vizt. and himself Vizt.
Copys of the Minutes of Council of the 10th 12th 13 22 & 26th Fetry Copys of the Minutes of Council of the 10th 12th 13th 22d & 26th Fetry
and 16th March and 16th March
Which Contain the whole History of the proposition about send I Which Contain the whole History of the proposition about send I
a Factor with the Spaniard to shill the Refusal of Cox, Savill & Kilton a Factor with the Spaniard to shill the Refusal of Cox, Savill & Hilton
to go, and all that followd thereupon, all which has already been at to go, and all that followd thereupon, all which has already been at
large Observd upon. large Observd upon.
He He