Thursday 21th May 126. Thursday 21th May 1716
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Deputy Governour The Deputy Governour
Sr. Wm. Chapman Sr. Wm. Chapman
Mr Reade Mr Reade
Mr. Fellowes Mr. Fellowes
The Committee having Examined the Several order given The Committee having Examined the Several order given
Mr Woodbridge and the Executions of them from the dates and Mr Woodbridge and the Executions of them from the dates and
Receipts of the Several Letters, are of opinion that Strietly Receipts of the Several Letters, are of opinion that Strietly
:speaking he may be justified in what he hath done in pursuance speaking he may be justified in what he hath done in pursuance
of them, the company having approved of the freighting the of them, the company having approved of the freighting the
Sarah for Carthagena upon receiving his Reasons for so Sarah for Carthagena upon receiving his Reasons for so
doing. But doing. But
The said Comittee are further of opinion that buying The said Comittee are further of opinion that buying
the late Sloop and Sending her with 14 Regroes & Provisions to the late Sloop and Sending her with 14 Negroes & Provisions to
the Havanah he had not the least colour of an Order from the Havanah he had not the least colour of an Order from
the Company and hath done it upon his own head, which aske the Company and hath done it upon his own head, which as he
is the Companys agent, they ought to resent, and reject that part is the Companys agent, they ought to resent, and reject that part
of the Proposition for them to accept the same on their account of the Proposition for them to accept the same on their account
and lay a certain mulet as well for the Provisions as for the Negroc and lay a certain mulet as well for the Provisions as for the Negroes
on board the said sloop as in their Prudence they shall think fit: the on board the said sloop as in their Prudence they shall think fit: the
whole adocnture being an entire breach upon the Assients contract is whole adventure being an entire breach upon the Assiento contract is
in Strictness forfeited in Strictness forfeited
Readm Court & agrad to 25. Put Read in Court & agreed to 25. Inst
Ad. Adjd.