Thursday 15th December 17 Thursday 15th December 1717
Ata Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present. Present.
The Dept Governour The Dept Governour
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Sr. Wm Chapman Sr. Wm Chapman
Mr Chester Mr Chester
The Comitte discoused Mr Thea upon the Letter of the 6th The Comittee discoused Mr Shea upon the Letter of the 6th
Intent from the French asent Company relating to their agent at he Instant from the French assiento Company relating to their agent at he
Havana and their Effects imbargd by this Company on accot of their Havana and their Effects imbargd by this Company on accot of their
Introducing Negroes Since 1 May 1713. And the said Mr Shea proposed to Introducing Negroes Since 1 May 1713. And the said Mr Shea proposed to
write over to the French Company for the Treaty on which they ground their write over to the French Company for the Treaty on which they ground their
Pretensions for a Liberty to introduce Negroes for 3 years after their contract Pretensions for a Liberty to introduce Negroes for 3 years after their contract
eapired. And for a dower to teat with this Company upon the aforesaid- expired. And for a power to teat with this Company upon the aforesaid-
Matters and also for Instructions, in order to bring the same to a Conclusion Matters and also for Instructions, in order to bring the same to a Conclusion
Mr Cleland laid before the Comittee An account which he recd from Mr Cleland laid before the Comittee An account which he recd from
Mons. Sonehee the Frenchagent at he Havana of the negroes introduced at the Monsr. Jonchee the French agent at the Havana of the negroes introduced at the
Htavana by the French a ss. Company since 1. May 1713. being 5 88. heed, Havana by the French asso. Company since 1st. May 1713. being 588. heads
regulated at 453. p. India. regulated at 453. ps. India.
And Mr Shea dering a lopy of the said Accot Acopy was Erd And Mr Shea desiring a Copy of the said Accot Ac opy was Ordd
to be given him accordingly. to be given him accordingly.
A87 Adjd