The Comms. Agreed to a Letter to Mr Bowles in Answer The Comms. Agreed to a Letter to Mr Bowles in Answer
to his of the 3d & 24 May and Sign'd the same, as also that to his of the 3d & 24 May and Sign'd the same, as also that
Agreed to last night to the Carth Factory Agreed to last night to the Carth Factory
Ordr That the Auctos mentioned in the sd Letter to Mr Bowles Ordr That the Autos mentioned in the sd Letter to Mr Bowles
relating to the Law suit against Capt. Corres Commrs of a Spanish relating to the Law suit against Capt. Corres Commrs of a Spanish
Sloop who took a Jamaica Sloop with 170 Negroes in the Year Sloop who took a Jamaica Sloop with 170 Negroes in the Year
1714 be Sent to Mr Bowles by the first shipping &ca Bilboa 1714 be Sent to Mr Bowles by the first shipping via Bilboa
or Cadix. The Commcs Judging it not necessary to make any or Cadiz. The Commee Judging it not necessary to make any
Copy or Extract of them Copy or Extract of them
Agth Adjd.
Thursday 20 June 1717 Thursday 20 June 1717
At a Committee of Correspondence At a Committee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Depty Govern The Depty Governr
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Sr Wm Chapman Sr Wm Chapman
Mr Chester Mr Chester
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
The Commrs. wrote a Letter to Mr Bowles in Answer to The Commrs. wrote a Letter to Mr Bowles in Answer to
his of the 7th & 14th Instant & Orderd it to be sent p this his of the 7th & 14th Instant & Orderd it to be sent p this
Nights Pst Nights Pst
The Commrs. Inclosed to Mr Bowles from the Commtes. The Commrs. Inclosed to Mr Bowles from the Commtes.
of the Treasury & two Bills upon Cadiz ps2400 to be Negotia of the Treasury & two Bills upon Cadiz ps 2400 to be Negotia
ted for the most Advantage and placed to the Compas Acco ted for the most Advantage and placed to the Compas Acco
And Orderd a postcript to be made to the sd Letter Accordingly And Orderd a postcript to be made to the sd Letter Accordingly
The Commrs. Pursuant to Order of Court the 5 Instant The Commrs. Pursuant to Order of Court the 5 Instant
took into Consideration what Allowance they think proper to be took into Consideration what Allowance they think proper to be
made made