Nt a Committee of Correspend. At a Committee of Correspendce.
Thursday 3d Octor 1717 Thursday 3d Octor 1717
Present Present
The Depty Govt Sr. Wm Chapman The Depty Govr Sr. Wm Chapman
Mc Blunt Mr Blunt
Mr Read Mr Read
Mr Lewis Rornard of Ansterdam in behalf of the Dutch Mr Lewis Rernard of Ansterdam in behalf of the Dutch
African Company attended the Commrs. and proposed to African Company attended the Commrs. and proposed to
Supply the Company with all Sorts of Negroes to be deliver Supply the Company with all Sorts of Negroes to be deliverd
at such times and at such Ports & Places as the Company at such times and at such Ports & Places as the Company
should think fit and the Comms. desird him to meet them should think fit and the Commee. desird him to meet them
again this day Seven night for their Answer again this day Seven night for their Answer
The Comms. discoursed with Mr Wooobridge on the The Commee. discoursed with Mr Wooobridge on the
Compa Affaires under his management and he was acquainted Compa Affaires under his management and he was acquainted
that his accounts were under Examination & very near Ti- that his accounts were under Examination & very near Fi-
nished and he was desired to draw up and lay before this Comm nished and he was desired to draw up and lay before this Commee
this day Sevennight an Abstract or Short State thereof, and this day Seven night an Abstract or Short State thereof, and
also how the Negro Trade may be carryed on to the beft ad- also how the Negro Trade may be carryed on to the best ad-
vantage, as also what had offerd in relation to Farming
out the Windward Trade out the Windward Trade
The Commrs. wrote a Letter to Mr Bowles in Answer The Commee. wrote a Letter to Mr Bowles in Answer
to his of the 2d 1623 & 30 Augt & 6 & 13 past and another to his of the 2d 16 23 & 30 Augst & 6 & 13 past and another
to his Excelt7 Col Stanhofe his Majesty's Envoy Extraord7 to his Excellcy Col Stanhope his Majesty's Envoy Extraordy
at the Court of Spain recommending the Companys affaires at the Court of Spain recommending the Companys affaires
Orderd That the sd Letters be sent p this Nights Dott Orderd That the sd Letters be sent p this Nights Post
And the Antos referr'd to in the Letter to Mr Howles by the And the Autos referr'd to in the Letter to Mr Bowles by the
first shipping via Bilboar first shipping via Bilboa
Read in Court 9th Oct: 1717
Ed Adjd.