other Matters, was read and approved, and Orderd to be laid before the other Matters, was read and approved, and Orderd to be laid before the
Court for their approbation. Court for their approbation.
Mr. Burrow having proford for his Securitys for his Tidelity as one Mr. Burrow having proford for his Securitys for his Tidelity as one
of the Suprabargoes of the Royal Caroline. of the Supra Cargoes of the Royal Caroline.
Benjamen Lethicullier & Wm Fillard Esqrs Benjamen Lethicullier & Wm Fillard Esqrs
The Comittee approved of them. The Comittee approved of them.
Mr Holland having alsoproposed for his Suretys. Mr Holland having alsoproposed for his Suretys.
John Wheak of Barkamstead Com Hertford Esqr John Wheak of Barkamstead Com Hertford Esqr
and and
John Corner Citizen and Dyer of London John Corner Citizen and Dyer of London
The Comittee likewise approved of them. The Comittee likewise approved of them.
The Comittee having revisd the Restrictions proposed at last Meeting to The Comittee having revisd the Restrictions proposed at last Meeting to
lay the Suprabargoes of the Royal Caroline, the Comander and other of lay the Suprabargoes of the Royal Caroline, the Comander and other of
her Officers under, Are, upon reconsideration of the same of Opinion her Officers under, Are, upon reconsideration of the same of Opinion
that instead of what was then proposd they be sent out on the following
Conditions Viz Conditions Viz
That for the Securing against any Contraband Trade the said That for the Securing against any Contraband Trade the said
Tuprabargoes should severally Covenant with the Company not to Tuprabargoes should severally Covenant with the Company not to
take on board, or Suffer to be taken on board the said Ship in the Rever take on board, or Suffer to be taken on board the said Ship in the Rever
of Thames or any otherport or place in her Voyage to Verabruz. Any of Thames or any otherport or place in her Voyage to Vera Cruz. Any
Goods or Merchandize whatsoever for their own or any other Persons Goods or Merchandize whatsoever for their own or any other Persons
Account Nor to Concial their knowledge of any such Goods or Account Nor to Concial their knowledge of any such Goods or
Merchandize so taken aboard, upon the ponalty of Forfeiting Merchandize so taken aboard, upon the ponalty of Forfeiting
to the Company all their Comission and other Allowances upon Legat to the Company all their Comission and other Allowances upon Legat
Conviction by due Course of Law, grounded on an Information upon Conviction by due Course of Law, grounded on an Information upon
Oath Oath