may be broke or Lost, Idemre if your Honl think fit] I may have another may be broke or Lost, Idemre if your Honl think fit] I may have another
Seal and mark. especially since a Seal cannot be cut there. Seal and mark. especially since a Seal cannot be cut there.
If your Hond please to obtain a Letter from the Secretary of state 9 If your Honrs please to obtain a Letter from the Secretary of state
to the Governour of Barbadoes requesting him at any time on my application to the Governour of Barbadoes requesting him at any time on my application
to afford his Countenance to the Company's affairs. The same some time or other to afford his Countenance to the Company's affairs. The same some time or other
may happen to prove of Servue to the Company's Interest. may happen to prove of Servue to the Company's Interest.
(There are sevral other things proper for yor Coqngance and There are sevral other things proper for yor Cognizance and
consideration; but they not so imediately relating to my dispatch. Stake consideration; but they not so imediately relating to my dispatch. I take
leave to put them in a Seperate paper which I also lay before you. leave to put them in a Seperate paper which I also lay before you.
The whoe is submited with the Greatet repect to ye wise The whole is submited with the Greatest repect to ye wise
Consideration by Consideration by
Hon. Gent Hond. Gent
Yr most obedient humble sow Yor most obedient humble servt
Disley Wosd bridge Dudley Woodbridge
Dondon November 18 177 London November 18th 1717
Gent. Gentn.
Bender the Matters necessary to my dispatch contained Besides the Matters necessary to my dispatch contained
in the Paper to which this is annead. Icrave leave further to offer to your in the Paper to which this is annex'd. I crave leave further to offer to your
Consideration, Consideration,
The Company by the 42th Article of the assients being intrled 1st The Company by the 42th Article of the assiento being intitled
to all the Priviledges which any former a sientists had, many of which are to all the Priviledges which any former assientists had, many of which are
included in Grants to Particalar places. That the Company therefore may enjoy included in Grants to Particular places. That the Company therefore may enjoy
the full benefit thereof. I conceive it necessary for yor Son. to give directions the full benefit thereof. I conceive it necessary for yor Honrs. to give directions
to your Several Factors to take out anthentick copies of all Cedulas granted to to your Several Factors to take out authentick copies of all Cedulas granted to
former assientists and that I may have Orders to do the same at such places where former assientists and that I may have Orders to do the same at such places where
You have no Factory Seked. You have no Factory Settled.
2 Foramuch as the President and Royal Audiencia of Sr. Donings 2 For as much as the President and Royal Audiencia of St. Domingo
took upon themselves to appoint themselves yo. Judges Conscrvators And to took upon themselves to appoint themselves yor. Judges Conservators And to
Tetle Setle