Barbadoes to the Spanish West Indies with Liberty of Carrying Cocse and other Barbadoes to the Spanish West Indies with Liberty of Carrying Cocoa and other
fruits of the country from one Port to another. fruits of the country from one Port to another.
To the form of a Licenceor Pass without that Liberty. To the form of a Licence or Pass without that Liberty.
To the Draught of the Company's Power to Mr. Woodbridge to issue out the said To the Draught of the Company's Power to Mr. Woodbridge to issue out the said
Licences. Licences.
To the Draught of the Companys Power to Mr Woodbridge or his Substitutes To the Draught of the Companys Power to Mr Woodbridge or his Substitutes
to Seize Consficate or lay an Indulto on hegroes ellictly introduced into the to Seize Consficate or lay an Indulto on Negroes illictly introduced into the
Windward coast & Windward coast &
Rest. That it is the opinion of thy Committee that 500. of each sort Resd. That it is the opinion of thy Committee that 500. of each sort
of Licences be Printed in Spanish ts English against each other. And that of Licences be Printed in Spanish ts English against each other. And that
100 of each be delivered to Mr Woodbridge. 100 of each be delivered to Mr Woodbridge.
The Comittee read over the formof an Indenture of Coverants to be excuved The Comittee read over the form of an Indenture of Coverants to be excuved
between Mr Woodbridge and the Persons who take out Licences with between Mr Woodbridge and the Persons who take out Licences with
liberty of carrying Cocoa &c And also the form of another Indeuture liberty of carrying Cocoa &c And also the form of another Indeuture
to be executed between Mr Woodbridge and the Persons who take to be executed between Mr Woodbridge and the Persons who take
out Licences without the said Loberty And deferd the further out Licences without the said Liberty And deferd the further
Consideration of them to their next meeting. Consideration of them to their next meeting.
Res. That it is the opinion of this Comitte that 500 pair of each Res. That it is the opinion of this Comitte that 500 pair of each
Sort of the said Inductures of Covenants be printed, and that 100 of Sort of the said Inductures of Covenants be printed, and that 100 of
each be delivered to Mr Woodbridge. each be delivered to Mr Woodbridge.
Resd. That it is the opinion of this Committee that Mr Woodondg Resd. That it is the opinion of this Committee that Mr Woodbridge
have power to issue out Licences to extend from the River Nicorago have power to issue out Licences to extend from the River Nicorago
eatward to the City of Campeachy Westwald. eatward to the City of Campeachy Westward.
Agred to mat on Thurday next at 45. in the afternoon Agred to meet on Thurday next at 4/5. in the afternoon
Read in Court 11 Dec 1717 Read in Court 11 Dec 1717
18 Adjd