Thursday 18th. Novr. 1731 Thursday 18th. Novr. 1731
A a Comittee for Correspondence & Factorys A a Comittee for Correspondence & Factorys
Present Present
The SubGovernor The Sub Governor
The Deputy Governor The Deputy Governor
Mr Roberts Mr Savill Mr Roberts Mr Savill
St Jno Lock Mr Bowles Sr Jno Lock Mr Bowles
Inpursuance of the Reference of the Court of the 30th July last The In pursuance of the Reference of the Court of the 30th July last The
Comittee have at divers Meetings read over the several Letters & papers Comittee have at divers Meetings read over the several Letters & papers
which have been Transmitted to the Court from the several Factors which have been Transmitted to the Court from the several Factors
and others at Buinos Ayres, by the Ship Assients, St Michael, Rudge and others at Buenos Ayres, by the Ship Assiento, St Michael, Rudge
Bonita & Lawrence, which are as follow vizt Bonita & Lawrence, which are as follow vizt
Letters & Papers from Mr Brown Presid of Sd. Factory Letters & Papers from Mr Brown Presidt of Sd. Factory
One of the 2d April Transmitting One of the 2d April Transmitting
Minutes of Council of the 10th1th & 13th Febry Minutes of Council of the 10th: 12th & 13th Febry
Copy of 2 Articles in the Indenture of Covenants between the Copy of 2 Articles in the Indenture of Covenants between the
Company and said Factory. Company and said Factory.
Minutes of Council of 22d Febry Minutes of Council of 22d Febry
Declaration of Messrs Cax & Savill of Hiltons refusing to bpy Declaration of Messrs Cox & Savill of Hiltons refusing to Copy
the Minutes of 10h Febry wth for Savill & Hilton refusd to the Minutes of 10h Febry wch for Savill & Hilton refusd to
Sign. Sign.
Minutes of Council of 10th March. Minutes of Council of 10th March.
Protest of Mr Brown against Cox Savill & Hilton Pat 3r Ma Protest of Mr Brown against Cox Savill & Hilton Datd 31st Mar
and Letters from Mr Young the Comps Surgeon, to Mr Brown and Letters from Mr Young the Comps Surgeon, to Mr Brown
Dated 26th March and 2d Aprill 1731 Dated 26th March and 2d Aprill 1731
Another Another