Another Letter of 17th May transmitting Another Letter of 17th May transmitting
One from Mr Humptorys to Messrs Cox Savill & Hilton One from Mr Humpherys to Messrs Cox Savill & Hilton
And his Order to make a Minute of Council in his Favour, And his Order to make a Minute of Council in his Favour,
as he has drawn it. as he has drawn it.
A Declaration of Cox Savill & Hilton Dated 23 Febry last A Declaration of Cox Savill & Hilton Dated 23 Febry last
A Letter from Dr Young A Letter from Dr Young
Petitions of Mr Hilton to the Governor as Judge Conservator Petitions of Mr Hilton to the Governor as Judge Conservator
Protest of Mr Brown intelation to the Factory Books Protest of Mr Brown in Relation to the Factory Books
and Another against Humpterys's going Inrward with Negrocs and Another against Humphrys's going Inward with Negroes
Also a Letter of the 8th. July forwarding Also a Letter of the 8th. July forwarding
Testimony of the whole Affair in Relation to the Assientes Testimony of the whole Affair in Relation to the Assiento's
Sailing and Capt. Urquharts Firing at her & endeavouring Sailing and Capt. Urquharts Firing at her & endeavouring
to Stopher to be Visited. to Stop her to be Visited.
Copy of his (Mr Browns) Letter to Mr Keine Thereabout Copy of his [Mr Browns] Letter to Mr Keene thereabout
Declaration of the Gentlemen of the Register Ships that Mr Declaration of the Gentlemen of the Register Ships that Mr
Brown was not privy to the said Transaction Brown was not privy to the said Transaction
A Letter of the 9th July Transmitting A Letter of the 9th July Transmitting
Mr Thistlethwaytes Reet for the Co Books & papers dd him by Mrox Mr Thistlethwaytes Rect for the Cos Books & papers dd him by Mr Cox
Mr Brown's Notarial Demand on fox for their Restitution Mr Brown's Notarial Demand on Cox for their Restitution
Mr Thistlethwaytes Protest Agst the new Factory, but more Mr Thistlethwaytes Protest Agst the new Factory, but more
especially agst Mr Brown for not delivering ye Books especially agst Mr Brown for not delivering ye Books
And a Letter of the 13th July forwarding And a Letter of the 13th July forwarding
Copy of the Governors Letter to Mr Shistlethwaite about ye Comps. Copy of the Governors Letter to Mr Thistlethwaite about ye Comps.
Books, after his house had been broke open. Books, after his house had been broke open.
Letters & papers from Messrs Cox Savill & Hilton Letters & papers from Messrs Cox Savill & Hilton
The Junior Factors jointly viz. The Junior Factors jointly viz.
One Dated the 24th March 1739, Transmitting One Dated the 24th March 1739, Transmitting
Copy of their Protest Against Mr Brown for suspending Mr Copy of their Protest Against Mr Brown for suspending Mr
Hilton on Acco of his refusing togo Inwards wth Negroes, and Hilton on Acco of his refusing to go Inwards wth Negroes, and
for Protesting agst them for not Consurring wth him therein for Protesting agst them for not Concurring wth him therein
Coly Copy