Thursday 28 March 1717 Thursday 28 March 1717
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The deputy Governor The deputy Governor
Sr. Wm. Chapman & ffellowes Sr. Wm. Chapman Mr ffellowes
S. L Hawell Mc Moll Sr. L Blackwell Mr Astell
M M Shead Caster M Read Mr Chester
The Company drew up an Advertisement Offering a Reward of 100 le The Company drew up an Advertisement Offering a Reward of 100 Gs
to any person that shall find and bring the Companys Pacquet directed to to any person that shall find and bring the Companys Pacquet directed to
M. Bowles and lately lest or mislaid, to Mr. Martius in Lumbard Street M. Bowles and lately lest or mislaid, to Mr. Martius in Lumbard Street
Ordered That Mc ffowler Swear to the Suuff exported to Duenos Ayes Ordered That Mr Fowler Swear to the Snuff exported to Buenos Ayres
that it is the Produce recedd from the Savauale for the Company's Negros= that it is the Produce reced from the havannah for the Company's Negros=
and that M. Westomb Carry the same to the Spanish Consuls & desire him and that Mr. Westomb Carry the same to the Spanish Consuls & desire him
to Certify the same to be ottested by a Netary Publick to Certify the same to be Attested by a Notary Publick
Ond Company wrote a getter to Mr. Bubb in Ausuer to his Ex of they Tnd Company wrote a Letter to Mr. Bubb in Ausuer to his Excy of the 4
January And also a Letter to M Nowles inlosing the Watch for the Count January And also a Letter to Mr Bowles inclosing the Watch for the Count
Alberom Alberoni
Ordered that the same be sent P to nuights post Ordered that the same be sent P to nights post
The Company also prepared a Letter to the Buenes Ayes ffactory, and The Company also prepared a Letter to the Buenos Ayres ffactory, and
Ordered the same to be sent to the directors houses to be signed by a Majority Ordered the same to be sent to the directors houses to be signed by a Majority
of the Court of the Court
The Cempany also Crw up a Representation to his Mayesty setting forth The Cempany also derw up a Representation to his Mayesty setting forth
tad Great Number of Pyrates which Iufest the Seas of the West Iudies And the Great Number of Pyrates which Infest the Seas of the West Indies And
praying his Majte Direction for supressing the same praying his Majties Direction for supressing the same
Agg. Adjd.