Setle their own Salaries which if Pursued by other Governours. may prove Setle their own Salaries which if Pursued by other Governours. may prove
greatly Prejudicial to yor Hont Interest. I humbly offer it to yor Son. Consideration greatly Prejudicial to yor Hont Interest. I humbly offer it to yor Son. Consideration
whether it may not be Proper to get a Cedula. forbiading any such Practice for the whether it may not be Proper to get a Cedula. forbiading any such Practice for the
future there or Elxewhere. future there or Elxewhere.
3 There still remain's at Caracias one Mons. Iean Churio, And at 3 There still remain's at Caraccas one Mons. Jean Churio, And at
St Domingo Mons Antonio Manon, who were sent thithee on accot of the St Domingo Monsr Antonio Manon, who were sent thither on accot of the
French assiento, and who carsy on a Considerable Trade & Perhaps to the Comp French assiento, and who carry on a Considerable Trade & Perhaps to the Comps
Detriment Introduce Negroes as wele as all other sorts of Goods. To that if yo Detriment Introduce Negroes as well as all other sorts of Goods. so that if yo
Honr. could obtain a ledble or order from the King of Spain for their Reimooal it Honr. could obtain a Cedula or order from the King of Spain for their Removal it
might bevery advantageous to the company's Licences. might be very advantageous to the company's Licences.
The Preident of S Domings has seized & Negroes for the Company 4 The President of St Domingo has seized 8 Negroes for the Company
as appear by his Letter to me of the 2st. of March last. So that you may Please to as appear by his Letter to me of the 2st. of March last. So that you may Please to
favour me with your Directions, what shall be done therein. favour me with your Directions, what shall be done therein.
5 The Spanish Guard de Casta Ships have Stopd Several of yor 5 The Spanish Guard de Costa Ships have Stopd Several of yor
Adjento vesels and taken out of them several tings which were not contraband Assiento vesels and taken out of them several things which were not contraband
particularly out of the Sloop 3 Brothers Wm Greenway Comander to the particularly out of the Sloop 3 Brothers Wm Greenway Comander to the
value of £2619.6. first lost: and if a Stop be not put to it they may give value of £26,,9,,6. first lost: and if a Stop be not put to it they may give
great Interuption to the Trade, Therefore it will be Proper to obtain a ledula to great Interuption to the Trade, Therefore it will be Proper to obtain a Cedula to
Inhibit all such Practices. Inhibit all such Practices.
6 Messrs Exmund & John Denney who had the Company's Passes 6 Messrs Edmund & John Denney who had the Company's Passes
to the Island of Irinided have represented to me that they are considerable Suferey to the Island of Trinidad have represented to me that they are considerable Suferers
by one of the SGuard de Costas taking their Sloop from that Island and carrying hiee by one of the Sd Guard de Costas taking their Sloop from that Island and carrying her
down to lumena, whither one of said owners was obliged to go to recover his right, down to Cumena, whither one of said owners was obliged to go to recover his right,
and tho' said sloop & ct was returned them by the Governour of Cumana, and tho' said sloop & ct was returned them by the Governour of Cumana,
yet the Loss & Charges Sustaind theliby was to said Dennys Detrin yet the Loss & Charges Sustaind theliby was to said Dennys Detrimt
as they inform me the value of above 2000 p 3 This the Govern as they inform me the value of above 2000 ps 8/8 This the Governr
of Trinidad (as he writes me) has acquainted his Cath: Meyr with of Trinidad (as he writes me) has acquainted his Cath: Meyr with
& how highly Prejudicial Such Practices will be to the Assientists & how highly Prejudicial Such Practices will be to the Assientists
The said Dennye Case, as it is Transmitted from the Governmt of The said Dennye Case, as it is Transmitted from the Governmt of
Cumana, I think Ican do no less than lay before your Honl te pray Cumana, I think Ican do no less than lay before your Honl te pray
your Consideration & Countenance to them in this Affair your Consideration & Countenance to them in this Affair