Wednesday 11 September 1734. Wednesday 11th September 1734.
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Deputy Governor The Deputy Governor
Mr Edwards Mr Gaultier Mr Edwards Mr Gaultier
Sr. T. Geraldino Sr. T. Geraldino
Mr Muilman Mr Muilman
The Court having by Minute of the 22. February 17821 The Court having by Minute of the 23d. February 1732/3
referr'd it to this Comittee to Consider and Report what referr'd it to this Comittee to Consider and Report what
officers and Clerks under them are unnecessary or can officers and Clerks under them are unnecessary or can
conveniently be Spared, the Comittee enquired of the conveniently be Spared, the Comittee enquired of the
Secretary whether the Business of his Office could be Secretary whether the Business of his Office could be
Carred on with fewer hands, and he Reported that he Carred on with fewer hands, and he Reported that he
thought the same could not be duly Dispatched without thought the same could not be duly Dispatched without
the present number the present number
Inpursuance of the Counts Reference of the 1o. April 1753 In pursuance of the Counts Reference of the 10th April 1733
this Comittee gave directions to the Sollicitor to draw this Comittee gave directions to the Sollicitor to draw
a Case, and take the opinion of three Civilians touching a Case, and take the opinion of three Civilians touching
the Time when the $200000 advanced by the Company the Time when the $200,000 advanced by the Company
to His Catholick Majesty, is to be repair, and he having to His Catholick Majesty, is to be repair, and he having
prepared the same and taken the opinions of Dr. Paul prepared the same and taken the opinions of Dr. Paul
and D Lee, as also of D Strahan, he laid them and Dr Lee, as also of Dr Strahan, he laid them
before this Comittee, and they were read before this Comittee, and they were read
Order'd Order'd
That the said Cases and opinions be That the said Cases and opinions be
laid before the Court for their Consideration. laid before the Court for their Consideration.
The The