(ot. Vepon Excuted his Scurity Bendin ₤2000 peralty as Capt Jesson Executed his Security Bond in ₤2000 penalty as
Comander of the Companys Rloop Dr. Carlos Comander of the Companys Sloop Dn. Carlos
The Mate being orboard. The Mate being orboard.
Ord Ordd
That his Bond be given to the Clerk of the Committee of Shiying That his Bond be given to the Clerk of the Committee of Shiping
to See it executed when he goes down to clear the Roop to See it executed when he goes down to clear the Sloop
The Committee prepired a letter to the Agents at Tamaica And The Committee prepired a letter to the Agents at Jamaica And
Orderd it to be laid before the Court Orderd it to be laid before the Court
The Secretary laid before the Committee Sert Letters Sent by the The Secretary laid before the Committee Sevl Letters Sent by the
Portobelo Factory to be forwarded by the Company to Eadiz, Madrd and Portobelo Factory to be forwarded by the Company to Cadiz, Madrid and
other places, and desired their Directions Concerning the postage of them other places, and desired their Directions Concerning the postage of them
and any others which might hereafter arrive And the Committee and any others which might hereafter arrive And the Committee
Considering the Matter are of Opinion, it may be of Service to the Company Considering the Matter are of Opinion, it may be of Service to the Company
Affaires at their Several Factorys to Indulge the Spaniards in this partiutr Affaires at their Several Factorys to Indulge the Spaniards in this particular
And that the Secretary may discharge the Postage But that the Factory's to And that the Secretary may discharge the Postage But that the Factory's be
Cautioned to take as ferr as may be, and those only from persons of Distinction Cautioned to take as few as may be, and those only from persons of Distinction
D7. Adjd.
Radin Count and gred to Read in Court and agreed to 
Fundy 27 Septr. 1722 Thursday 27th Septr. 1722
Tuesday 2 Octr. 1722. Tuesday 2d Octr. 1722.
It a Committee of Correspondence It a Committee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
Sir Thomas Fridetick Mr Broke Sir Thomas Fredetrck Mr Brooke
Mr Ayles Mr Ayles
Mr Girardot de Tellicue Mr Girardot de Tellieux
The Committee Settled the Instructions to be given to Messr Withers The Committee Settled the Instructions to be given to Messrs Withers
and Maccleur the Companys Attorneys at Berbadoes And Od: them to be and Maccleur the Companys Attorneys at Berbadoes And Ordd: them to be
laid before the Curt laid before the Court
The The