Wednesday 6th. Decem. 1732. Wednesday 6th. Decemr. 1732.
MaComittee Sor Correspondence and Factorys At a Comittee for Correspondence and Factorys
Present Present
The Sub Governor The Sub Governor
Sr John Lock McRoberts Sr John Lock Mr Roberts
Mc Burrell Mr Savill Mr Burrell Mr Savill
The Court having on the 16. August last come to a Resolution The Court having on the 16. August last come to a Resolution
to Recall Messrs Nicholson & Tassell the Factors at the Havana, to Recall Messrs Nicholson & Tassell the Factors at the Havana,
and on the 22d ditto having referr'd it to this Comittee to Consider and on the 22d ditto having referr'd it to this Comittee to Consider
in what manner the Havana Factory may be settled for the in what manner the Havana Factory may be settled for the
future the Comittee have taken the same into Consideration, And future the Comittee have taken the same into Consideration, And
can think but of two ways of Supplying that Factory for the can think but of two ways of Supplying that Factory for the
future Cizt. future Vizt.
Either by an Election of two other Factors, which Either by an Election of two other Factors, which
the Comittee are of Opinion are a sufficient number with the the Comittee are of Opinion are a sufficient number with the
Assistance of a Bookkeeper Assistance of a Bookkeeper
Or Or
To Farm out that Factory in the manner that of tera To Farm out that Factory in the manner that of Vera
Cruz has been lately done, For which purpose Proposals have been Cruz has been lately done, For which purpose Proposals have been
severally offerd to the Comittee by, Mr Gibson Dabzell severally offerd to the Comittee by, Mr Gibson Dalzell
Mr William Patton Mr William Patton
Mr John Tempest Mr John Tempest
& Mr John Bonnell & Mr John Bonnell
Which Proposals the Committee herewith lay before the Court Which Proposals the Committee herewith lay before the Court
The Comittee therefore desire the sense of the Court The Comittee therefore desire the sense of the Court
upon these Methods, and their further Directions thereupon upon these Methods, and their further Directions thereupon
Adjournd. Adjourn'd.