time be Consignd if the Court think fit to give them Instructions to time be Consignd if the Court think fit to give them Instructions to
Assist in such Recovery & Remittances till the Return of the Assist in such Recovery & Remittances till the Return of the
Ship shall be Entitled to the said Comission on all Monys Ship shall be Entitled to the said Comission on all Monys
and Effects Recovered and Remitted while the Ship shall and Effects Recovered and Remitted while the Ship shall
be there. be there.
That the Company allow them the Stations of Suprabargoes That the Company allow them the Stations of Suprabargoes
with such others that Shall from time to time be appointed with such others that Shall from time to time be appointed
in the Transacting the Sales &c of their Annual Ships in the Transacting the Sales &c of their Annual Ships
to Verabriz with a Share of the Comission that shall be to Verabriz with a Share of the Comission that shall be
Settled by the Court from time to time for such Service Settled by the Court from time to time for such Service
unless any future Misbehaviour should render them unless any future Misbehaviour should render them
Undeserving of that Trust. Undeserving of that Trust.
That they will be Content to pay & 60 for each piece of That they will be Content to pay $60 for each piece of
India, they shall Introduce and will Engage to Supply India, they shall Introduce and will Engage to Supply
a Sufficient Number for that Country so as to provent a Sufficient Number for that Country so as to prevent
any Complaint on that Accompt. any Complaint on that Accompt.
That the Licencees to Campeche, be Limited not to That the Licencees to Campeche, be Limited not to
exceed 60 Negroes P Annum exceed 60 Negroes P Annum
The Contract if the Court please to enter into One The Contract if the Court please to enter into One
on the foregoing Conditions, to be for the Term of the on the foregoing Conditions, to be for the Term of the
Assients unless their Behaviour give Reason to Revoke Assiento unless their Behaviour give Reason to Revoke
and Determine it sooner In which Case that a and Determine it sooner In which Case that a
Years Notice be given. Years Notice be given.
All which is Submitted to the Court. All which is Submitted to the Court.
Adjournd Adjourn'd