Tusday 55 Feb 1722 Tuesday 5th Febry 1722
Na Committee of Correspondency At a Committee of Correspondenc
Present Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
The Dept. Governour The Depty. Governour
Capt. Mr Tones Gde Tellicur Capt. Jones Mr G. de Tellicur
Mr Mr Ayles Michklethwaite Mr Ayles Mr Michklethwaite
Mr Clarke Mr Ditt Mr Clarke Mr Ditt
MM Con (Sr Wm Eon)
Mr Lethicullien Capt. Osborne Mr Lethicullier Capt. Osborne
Mr Brooke Sir Richd. Hophins Mr Brooke Sir Richd. Hopkins
Sir Roger Audson Sir Roger Hudson
Mr Roberts Mr Roberts
The Committee took into Consideraton the Reforence of the Court The Committee took into Consideraton the Reforence of the Court
of the 24th January Refering it to this Committee to Consider what Nunber of the 24th January Refering it to this Committee to Consider what Nunber
of Supra Cargoes may be Necepsary for taking care of the Sale of the of Supra Cargoes may be Necessary for taking care of the Sale of the
Boyab Princes Cargoe at tera truz, What Commission to Allow, And Royal Princes Cargoe at Vera Cruz, What Commission to Allow, And
how to Divide the Same; And to prepare proper Instructions for them how to Divide the Same; And to prepare proper Instructions for them
And came to the following Resolutions to be reported to the Curt fizt And came to the following Resolutions to be reported to the Curt fizt
That there be 4 Supra Cargoes That there be 4 Supra Cargoes
That 3. goout with the said Ship, who are to return in her That 3. go out with the said Ship, who are to return in her
That the Chief of the Factory at tera Couz, be One of the 1. Tupra That the Chief of the Factory at Vera Cruz, be One of the 4 Tupra
Cargoes, And that he be in the Station of Second Cargoes, And that he be in the Station of Second
Thathe pe Cent Commission be Allowd, And that the same be That 3 P Cent Commission be Allowd, And that the same be
Surded in Manner following divided in Manner following
To the First One & one light psent To the First One & one Eight psent
To the Second one s where of for him self, To the Second one s where of for him self,
and the other t. to be among and the other t. to be among
the rest of the Factory in the the rest of the Factory in the
same proportion as their Sallay same proportion as their Sallay
TTo the third or Es Plent TTo the third or Es Plent
To the fourth– one eights psent To the fourth– one eights psent
That on the Roy af Prnces return to England the said Commissaon That on the Roy af Prnces return to England the said Commissaon