Pryday 13 Septemr 1717 Fryday 13 Septemr 1717
At a Committee of Correspond: At a Committee of Correspond:
Present Present
Sr Wm Chapman Sr Wm Chapman
Sr. Theo Tanssen Sr. Theo Janssen
Mr Chester Mr Chester
The Comms. pursuant to the Orders of the Court The Commee. pursuant to the Orders of the Court
the 21 August took into consideration the Proposal of An Fran the 21 August took into consideration the Proposal of Ano Fran
de Coulange for buying Negroes at St Thomas's a Danish de Coulange for buying Negroes at St Thomas's a Danish
Island & selling them at Forto Rico And the sd Gentn attends Island & selling them at Porto Rico And the sd Gentn attends
was calld in and discound with thereupon was calld in and discour'd with thereupon
A no he acquainted the Commts. that he proposd to And he acquainted the Commee. that he proposd to
Dispose of p anns about 20 Regroes which being bot at 104 Dispose of p ann about 20 Negroes which being bot at 104
pr & head and sold at 250 the Profits would be at about ps P head and sold at 250 the Profits would be at about
2000 pd besides the Duty paid to the King of Spain of wch 2000 ps besides the Duty paid to the King of Spain of wch
he would be satisfied with a quarter part for his Trouble he would be satisfied with a quarter part for his Trouble
and Subsistance and Subsistance
Orderd That the same be laid before the Court Orderd That the same be laid before the Court
The Commrs. also pursuant to Order of Court the 4 Just The Commee. also pursuant to Order of Court the 4th Inst
took into Consideration the proposal of the Lecur Durepaire took into Consideration the proposal of the Secur Durepaire
for Farming Porto Rico & St Domingo and for Furnishina for Farming Porto Rico & St Domingo and for Furnishing
Negroes at Caraccas Sta Martea & Carthagena & Flower for Negroes at Caraccas Sta Martha & Carthagena & Flower for
the Several Factories, and the sd. Gent attending was called the Several Factories, and the sd. Gent attending was called
in and discoursed thereupon and he was desired to give in a in and discoursed thereupon and he was desired to give in a
proposal in writing more particular setting forth the Number proposal in writing more particular setting forth the Number
of Negroes he would Engage to Introduce at the Several places of Negroes he would Engage to Introduce at the Several places
and what anual Sum he would pay the Compa for that per and what anual Sum he would pay the Compa for that per
-mission -mission
CCit Adjd.
Read in Court 20th Sept. 1717 Read in Court 20th Sept. 1717