if it is not, ought to be kept in the Factory, that all the Factors may if it is not, ought to be kept in the Factory, that all the Factors may
know the Value and state of them. know the Value and state of them.
Mr. Brown is also Complaind of forselling Negros, & Ordering the 5th. Mr. Brown is also Complaind of forselling Negro's, & Ordering the
Delivery of them, without Consulting the other Factors Delivery of them, without Consulting the other Factors
This also would be matter of Real Charge to Affect his Character, This also would be matter of Real Charge to Affect his Character,
had it been suggested & provd, that he did not Accot for them, or that had it been suggested & provd, that he did not Accot for them, or that
he fold them at greater prices than he Brought to Accompt. he fold them at greater prices than he Brought to Accompt.
This however the Comittee think under the new Regulations, This however the Comittee think under the new Regulations,
ought not to be practisd & is Excusable only by the unhappy ought not to be practisd & is Excusable only by the unhappy
Differences among them, wth Impeded frequent Councils & Comunications. Differences among them, wth Impeded frequent Councils & Comunications.
It is Objected to Mr Brown that he keeps up the Prices of Negros above what 6th. It is Objected to Mr Brown that he keeps up the Prices of Negro's above what
They say is for the Comps Interest Quick Sales being better than keeping them They say is for the Comps Interest Quick Sales being better than keeping them
Subject to Expence & Mortality, and that rather than Reduce the Price he Subject to Expence & Mortality, and that rather than Reduce the Price he
was Sending 300 Negros to Potosi was Sending 300 Negros to Potosi
A Letter of Mr Halls the late Surgeon to the Junior Factors, said to be A Letter of Mr Halls the late Surgeon to the Junior Factors, said to be
his Complaint on this Subject, is also Transmitted to the Company. his Complaint on this Subject, is also Transmitted to the Company.
As to this Complaint, the possibly upon a thorough Examination, is As to this Complaint, the possibly upon a thorough Examination, is
may be just Reasoning that the Company would come off better by Quick may be just Reasoning that the Company would come off better by Quick
sales on the spot, tho at lower Prices, rather than send Numbersrip to sales on the spot, tho at lower Prices, rather than send Numbers up to
Remote Countrys, Yet this is a matter of Speculation, upon which the Remote Countrys, Yet this is a matter of Speculation, upon which the
Comittee cannot yet form any Opinion which is in the Right, But be Comittee cannot yet form any Opinion which is in the Right, But be
that as it will this Complaint is not properly any Matter of Charge, but that as it will this Complaint is not properly any Matter of Charge, but
Difference in judgement, wherein Mr Brown must be suppos'd to have Difference in judgement, wherein Mr Brown must be suppos'd to have
Intended the Interest of the Comps. all Extraordinary Expences and Intended the Interest of the Comps. all Extraordinary Expences and
Mortality being a Loss to himself in Comon with them Mortality being a Loss to himself in Comon with them
As As