Tuesday 20th August 176 Tuesday 20th August 1716
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
Mr Blunt Mr Blunt
Sr Wm Chapman Sr Wm Chapman
Sr. L Blackwell Sr. L Blackwell
Mr Lawbridge Mr Sawbridge
Jo. Lambert Blackwell delivered to the Comittee a Letter Sr. Lambert Blackwell delivered to the Comittee a Letter
with a Translation from the Marquis Monteleon to the Governour with a Translation from the Marquis Monteleon to the Governour
of Carthagena whith was read relating to the Confication of of Carthagena whith was read relating to the Confication of
some of the Goods by the ship Bedford some of the Goods by the ship Bedford
S Lambert Blackwell, likewise informed the Comittee Sr Lambert Blackwell, likewise informed the Comittee
that he had delivered to the said Marquir the Original papers that he had delivered to the said Marquis the Original papers
relating to the Tunage of the Bedford's Cargo which were relating to the Tunage of the Bedford's Cargo which were
prepared according to the Directions of this Comittee the 21. Tust prepared according to the Directions of this Comittee the 21. Inst
vizt. an account of the measurement of the Goods &f the Dedford vizt. an account of the measurement of the Goods P the Bedford
a certificate of the measurers Oath thereto. Extract of the companys a certificate of the measurers Oath thereto. Extract of the companys
Memorial to the Marquis of Monteleon of the 16th Dec. 174 Memorial to the Marquis of Monteleon of the 16th Dec. 174
A copy of the King of Spains Cedula for Dispensing with the A copy of the King of Spains Cedula for Dispensing with the
Excess of Tunage of the Ship Bedford a certificate of the Excess of Tunage of the Ship Bedford a certificate of the
Com. of the Navy of the Tunage of the said ship. Comrs. of the Navy of the Tunage of the said ship.
Ordr That Mr Wescomb forthwith prepare 4 Originals of Ordrd That Mr Wescomb forthwith prepare 4 Originals of
the account of the measurement of the Goods of the Bodford the account of the measurement of the Goods of the Bedford
and the Town Clerk's certificate of the officers affidevit to the and the Town Clerk's certificate of the officers affidavit to the
said measurement. said measurement.