Thursday 2t Fetry 1731 Thursday 24th Febry 1731
Aba Comittee for Correspondence & Factories At a Comittee for Correspondence & Factories
Present Present
The SubGovernor The Sub Governor
The Depty. Governor The Depty. Governor
Sr Jno Lock Mr Roberts Sr Jno Lock Mr Roberts
Mr Savill Mr Burrell Mr Savill Mr Burrell
The secretary acquainted the Committee that Capt. Fennell who The secretary acquainted the Committee that Capt. Fennell who
brought home the ft George Sloop with a Cargo from Havana, brought home the ft George Sloop with a Cargo from Havana,
was attending according to Order at last meeting; He was was attending according to Order at last meeting; He was
Called in; And being enquired of touching the 22 large sticks Called in; And being enquired of touching the 22 large sticks
of Logwood delivered by him at Amsterdam, short of the Number of Logwood delivered by him at Amsterdam, short of the Number
mentioned in his Invoice & Bill of Lading, He Assured the mentioned in his Invoice & Bill of Lading, He Assured the
Comittee that the said sticks were too large for regular Dunnage Comittee that the said sticks were too large for regular Dunnage
and were therefore relanded & delivered to the Havana and were therefore relanded & delivered to the Havana
Factory, and that the signing Bill of Lading for the whole Factory, and that the signing Bill of Lading for the whole
Number that had been shipt, was owing to the hurry he was Number that had been shipt, was owing to the hurry he was
in at Coming away. in at Coming away.
Order'd Order'd
That he sign awriting purporting his Obligacon That he sign awriting purporting his Obligacon
to pay the Comps the value of sd Logwood so short delivered at to pay the Comps the value of sd Logwood so short delivered at
Amsterdam if the sd. Tactory shall not Certify the Court that Amsterdam if the sd. Tactory shall not Certify the Court that
They had the same safe deliver'd back to them. They had the same safe deliver'd back to them.
Resolve Resolv'd