Tuesday 1th July 1732 Tuesday 11th July 1732
Al a Comittee for Correspondence & Factorys Al a Comittee for Correspondence & Factorys
Present Present
The SubGovernor The SubGovernor
The Dept. Governor The Dept. Governor
Mr Roberts Mr Savill Mr Roberts Mr Savill
Sir John Lock Mr Burrill Sir John Lock Mr Burrill
Mr. Gamber having Settled a Bond to be given by Messr Spackman Mr. Gamber having Settled a Bond to be given by Messr Spackman
& Faure for Repayment (pursuant to the Order of Court the 7th Inst) & Faure for Repayment (pursuant to the Order of Court the 7th Inst)
Bond for Repaymt of of the Money to be Advaned them by the Company, said the same
the B. Ayres Factoribefore the Comittee,
And no time being fixd by the Court when the said And no time being fixd by the Court when the said
Factors shall Repay their Imprest Money. Factors shall Repay their Imprest Money.
Orderd Orderd
That it be inserted in the said Bond that the sd Moneys That it be inserted in the said Bond that the sd Moneys
be repaid on or before the 25th. Decr. 1783. be repaid on or before the 25th. Decr. 1783.
Orde Orde
That the like Bond Mutatis Muctandis be That the like Bond Mutatis Muctandis be
given by Mr Eyles and his Securitys, for Repayment at the same given by Mr Eyles and his Securitys, for Repayment at the same
time of the Money advaned to him time of the Money advaned to him
The Comittee taking into Consideration that the Departure The Comittee taking into Consideration that the Departure
of the Plota for Verabruz is near at hand, And being of Opinion of the Plota for Verabruz is near at hand, And being of Opinion
That it is fitting to send a Letter by them to Mr Shadrick Bashe That it is fitting to send a Letter by them to Mr Shadrick Bashe
The Factor now at Verabniz Advising him the the Comps Ship The Factor now at Vera Cruz Advising him the the Comps Ship
Royal Caroline will be dispatched with all Speed, and directing him Royal Caroline will be dispatched with all Speed, and directing him
imediately on receipt of the Letter, to Secure the necessary Ware imediately on receipt of the Letter, to Secure the necessary Ware
=houses at Talapa where the Fair is to be held Such a Letter =houses at Talapa where the Fair is to be held Such a Letter
was was