Antos from Carthagena. And to a Letter to the Company's Agents at Autos from Carthagena. And to a Letter to the Company's Agents at
Famaica giving Covert to the Letter to the Carthagena ffactory which was Jamaica giving Cover to the Letter to the Carthagena ffactory which was
signed by the Court the 12 Instant signed by the Court the 12 Instant
The Comittee also agreed to a postecript to the said Letter to the The Comittee also agreed to a postecript to the said Letter to the
Carthagena ffactory and Ordered it to be said before the Court. Carthagena ffactory and Ordered it to be said before the Court.
Ordered that the folios 153 & 154 of said Auto wluch directs how Ordered that the folios 153 & 154 of said Auto wluch directs how
the Timage of Beeford Cargo was to be Computed be Copyed and kept the Timage of Beeford Cargo was to be Computed be Copyed and kept
in the Secretarys Office./ in the Secretarys Office./
Asjd Adjd.
Wednesday 23 Jany 1716 Wednesday 23 Jany 1716
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
She deputy Governor The deputy Governor
D Ddo: Daussen Sr Theo: Janssen
M Assel Mr Astel
Sr. Wm. Chayman Sr. Wm. Chapman
The Comittee Agreed to Instructions to the Command of the Sit. Qunton The Comittee Agreed to Instructions to the Command of the St. Qunton
for a Doyage to Augola & Buenes Ayres and also to a Letter to the Buenos for a Voyage to Angola & Buenos Ayres and also to a Letter to the Buenos
Ayres ffactory to go by said Stay And Ordered it to be sent to the directors Ayres ffactory to go by said Ship And Ordered it to be sent to the directors
houses to be signed by a Majority of the Court as directed by thes Court this day houses to be signed by a Majority of the Court as directed by thes Court this day
Complainte haveing lately come from Angola of the Scarcity of= Complaints haveing lately come from Angola of the Scarcity of=
provisions & several Ships haveing greatly Suffered on that Amount. provisions & several Ships haveing greatly Suffered on that Amount.
Resobed Resolved