Thursday 16h Noven. 1732. Thursday 16h Noven. 1732.
At a Comittee for Correspondence & Factorys At a Comittee for Correspondence & Factorys
Present Present
The SubGovernor The SubGovernor
Mr Bowles MrRoberts Mr Bowles Mr Roberts
S Johnlock Mr Burrell Sr John Lock Mr Burrell
Mr Savill Mr Savill
Purfuant to the Reference of the Court the 7th Inst. Pursuant to the Reference of the Court the 7th Inst.
the Comittee took into Consideration the Petition of Mr Francis the Comittee took into Consideration the Petition of Mr Francis
Hall late Surgeon at Buenos Ayres, praying such allowance Hall late Surgeon at Buenos Ayres, praying such allowance
for his loss of Time fince his discharge from that Station, and for his loss of Time fince his discharge from that Station, and
for his Passage home as should be thought reasonable, for his Passage home as should be thought reasonable,
And in regard he was not displaced upon any Complaint And in regard he was not displaced upon any Complaint
and that he could not get away from Buenos Ayres until and that he could not get away from Buenos Ayres until
upwards of eight months after the arrival of Mr Brown and his upwards of eight months after the arrival of Mr Brown and his
partners, all which time he had no Salary, the Comittee are partners, all which time he had no Salary, the Comittee are
of opinion It may be reasonable to allow him Half pay during of opinion It may be reasonable to allow him Half pay during
that Tince (at the rate of $533 ½ P Annum) $178
And the said Hall having Alledged that he paid to And the said Hall having Alledged that he paid to
Capt. Dumaresg for his Passage home in his Ship of 250 Capt. Dumaresq for his Passage home in his Ship of $250
and that it Cost him for Stores and Necessarys for the Voyage and that it Cost him for Stores and Necessarys for the Voyage
$150 more, the Comittee are further of Opinion to allow $150 more, the Comittee are further of Opinion to allow
him those Charges, making together $400
if the Court Approve thereof. if the Court Approve thereof.
Which Sums amount together to $ 578
which Computed at 4.6 p dollar makes £130 Sterling which Computed at 4.6 p dollar makes £130 Sterling
Adjournd. Adjournd.