great Quantitys of Goods from the Colony, All or most part of great Quantitys of Goods from the Colony, All or most part of
which, He might prevent if He would. which, He might prevent if He would.
Being Asted Why he came away without being Being Asted Why he came away without being
Visited Answ That the Register Ships failing towards him Visited Answd That the Register Ships failing towards him
he Apprehended they Intended to surprize him, That the Sevy he Apprehended they Intended to surprize him, That the Sevy
of the Royal Officers had told him that he was to pay the of the Royal Officers had told him that he was to pay the
whole 10,000 Dollars formerly mulcted the Captains of the whole 10,000 Dollars formerly mulcted the Captains of the
Companys Ships, That he had long before he came away Companys Ships, That he had long before he came away
Sollicited his last Visit and had taken leave of the Governor Sollicited his last Visit and had taken leave of the Governor
Three Several times, at each of which he beggd to be Visited that Three Several times, at each of which he beggd to be Visited that
he might sail. That the Govr. told him if he went on Board he might sail. That the Govr. told him if he went on Board
he Could not come a Shoar again And that he reply'd to the Govr he Could not come a Shoar again And that he reply'd to the Govr
That he had no Business a shoar & shod go on board, And that That he had no Business a shoar & shod go on board, And that
he made off at last to avoid the Mulct; That the Register Ships he made off at last to avoid the Mulct; That the Register Ships
fired briskly upon him, but that he run through it without fired briskly upon him, but that he run through it without
returning any Shot. returning any Shot.
The Comittee prepard a Letter to Mr Kune to The Comittee prepard a Letter to Mr Keene to
go by this Nights post, and Orderd the same to be Sign'd by go by this Nights post, and Orderd the same to be Sign'd by
the Secretary as by Order of Court. the Secretary as by Order of Court.
Adg. Adjd.