Seville the 18th January for preventing the Depredations of the Seville the 18th January for preventing the Depredations of the
Spaniards in the West Indies upon the British Subjects and for Spaniards in the West Indies upon the British Subjects and for
making due Restitution & Satisfaction to the Sufferers making due Restitution & Satisfaction to the Sufferers
A Letter to the St Tago de Cuba Factory in Answer to their Letters and A Letter to the St Tago de Cuba Factory in Answer to their Letters and
transmitting them said Cedula. transmitting them said Cedula.
A Letter to the Verafruz Factory in Reply to their Letters and A Letter to the Vera Cruz Factory in Reply to their Letters and
Transmitting them said Coula; and another Cedula dated 7t Decr. Transmitting them said Cedula; and another Cedula dated 7th Decr.
last Clately reced from Mr Heine) containing his Cathl Major last (lately reced from Mr Keene) containing his Cathk Majtys
Orders for Cancelling the Security given by Mr Bastie the Factor Orders for Cancelling the Security given by Mr Bastie the Factor
at VeraCruz. And for a General Restitution of all Sums & Effects at Vera Cruz. And for a General Restitution of all Sums & Effects
belonging to the Company Represaliated Anno 1718 as well as belonging to the Company Represaliated Anno 1718 as well as
in 1727 in 1727
A Letter to the Havana Factory transmitting them a Cedula Clately A Letter to the Havana Factory transmitting them a Cedula (lately
reced from Mr Keene) dated the 7th Decr last for Restitution to them reced from Mr Keene) dated the 7th Decr last for Restitution to them
of a Negroc Woman, and also the said Cedula against Depredations of a Negroe Woman, and also the said Cedula against Depredations
and for making Restitution and Satisfaction. and for making Restitution and Satisfaction.
A Letter to Messrs Collitt and Perric transmitting them the said A Letter to Messrs Collitt and Perrie transmitting them the said
Cedula against Depredations and for Restitution & Satisfaction Cedula against Depredations and for Restitution & Satisfaction
to the Sufferers: and. to the Sufferers: and.
Instructions to Mr Handley Surgeon to the Verafruz Instructions to Mr Handley Surgeon to the Vera Cruz
Factory. Factory.
Ordered. Ordered.
That the said Dispatches be laid before the That the said Dispatches be laid before the
Court. Court.
Adjournd. Adjourn'd.