The Committee also agreed to a letter to Messrs Herne Litt and The Committee also agreed to a letter to Messrs Herne Litt and
Company in Answer to their of the 10th & 17th Tusie, And Ordered the same Company in Answer to their of the 10th & 17th Tusie, And Ordered the same
to be laid before the Court for their approbation and Signing. to be laid before the Court for their approbation and Signing.
Or Ordd
That a Letter be Erepared to Coll Stanhope acquainting him That a Letter be Prepared to Coll Stanhope acquainting him
that Mr Urarde is directed to apply to him in relation to the delivering that Mr Uzardi is directed to apply to him in relation to the delivering
the Produce of the Corhineal 90s to the Comps. Agents at Cadiz as also for the Produce of the Cochjineal & ca to the Comps. Agents at Cadiz as also for
the restitution of the Company’s Goods and Effects in the Indies the restitution of the Company’s Goods and Effects in the Indies
Redin art Read in Court
Sunay Dr Tulyrs Thursday 13th July 1721
A Adjd
Wadreday 19. 2 9 7. Wednesday 19th July 1721
It a Committee of Correspondence At a Committee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Sub Govr
Mr Tellieux
Mr L Mr Pitt
Mr Ayles Mr Ayles
Mr Brooke Mr Brooke
The Committee took into Consideration the Reference of the Court
the 6 Instant relating to the Number of Factors necessary at each Factory
abroad, and their respective Tallaryes, And Observe that by a Minute of the
Court of Directors of the 28 Oct 143. It was resolved that in Consideration
of the Sallarys then Settled on the Comps Officers and Servants in America
they were to maintain themselves in every thing except Rents.
That by a Subsequent Resolution of 21 Septr 1714 The Court Resolves
that each Factory sould Contribute / of their Respective Sallarys towards
House Expenced (Except at Buenos Ayres where it was not to exceed 1 p part
And accordingly they find in the Ludgers Vizt From Vera Cour they have
Credited the Comps with  of their Tallary and have Carried the Ballance
king upnards of 2700 Pollr for 2 years Expences to the Cor. Acct.
Likewise