Monday 20 Jan. 1723 Monday 20th Jany. 1723
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Sub Governour The Sub Governour
The Dep. Governour The Dep. Governour
Mr Mr Roberts Pitt Mr Roberts Mr Pitt
Mr Tellicux Mr Brooke Mr Tellieux Mr Brooke
The Comittee went thro the Letter prepard to the Panama The Comittee went thro the Letter prepar'd to the Panama
and Porto belo Factory to be Sent by the Royal George, and orderd it to and Porto belo Factory to be Sent by the Royal George, and orderd it to
be laid before the Court be laid before the Court
Repd 20 Jan 913 Read 23d Jan 1723
Adjourne Adjournd
Thursday 23 Jany 1723 Thursday 23d Jany 1723
Al a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Sub. Govr. The Dep. Gov. The Sub. Govr. The Dep. Gov.
Mr Mr Roberts Tollicux Mr Roberts Mr Tellieux
Mr Mr Ayles Pitt Mr Ayles Mr Pitt
Mr Brooke Mr Brooke
The Comittee prepared Letters to go by the Royal George to the following The Comittee prepared Letters to go by the Royal George to the following
Spanish Officers Viz Spanish Officers Viz
The present and late vice Roys of Teru The present and late vice Roys of Peru
The present and late Governory of Panama The present and late Governory of Panama
The Governour of Carthagena The Governour of Carthagena
The Governour of Porto belo The Governour of Porto belo
The Royal Oficers of Porto belo and Sanama The Royal Oficers of Porto belo and Panama
The Comittee also settled the Seperate Instructions to the Supra Cargois The Comittee also settled the Seperate Instructions to the Supra Cargois
for Enquiring into abuses and Inegularitys of Mr Denniss and others for Enquiring into abuses and Inegularitys of Mr Denniss and others
of the Panania Factory, And also in the Clause in the Carthagena Letter of the Panama Factory, And also in the Clause in the Carthagena Letter
relating to Mr Burnett relating to Mr Burnett
The Comittee also prepaid a Letter to go by the Essex Capt. Smith to the The Comittee also prepaid a Letter to go by the Essex Capt. Smith to the
Factory at Buenos Ayres, Factory at Buenos Ayres,
And orderd them to be layd before the Court, And orderd them to be layd before the Court,
Red in Count Read in Count
23 Janl 1923 23 Jany 1923
My GE and agreed to
Sodjournd Adjournd