dmne at thro forte in the Cose of the Company other Annual My hoes done at Vera Cruz in the Case of the Company other Annual My Royal
Prince And that the dispatches are preparing accordingly One of which Prince And that the dispatches are preparing accordingly One of which
was to be delverd to his Excellency Coll. Haphope and the other Directed for was to be deliverd to his Excellency Coll. Stanhope and the other Directed from
Madrd to Carthagena Madrid to Carthagena
Cr. That the said Letterst ard befor the Cout to Morow= Ordd. That the said Letterst ard befor the Cout to Morow=
Redin Court Read in Court
Munday 24s August 1721 Thursday 24 August 1721
Ny. Adjd.
Tusday 5t. Sept. 1721. Tuesday 5th. Sept. 1721.
At a Committee of Correspondence At a Committee of Correspondence
Present Present
Mr Ayles Mr Ayles
Mr Citt Mr Pitt
Mr Brooke Mr Brooke
Mr Telluue Mr Tellieux
The Committee head a Draught of an Instrument for apporatin The Committee head a Draught of an Instrument for appointing
Mr Stratford the Companys Agent at Mendrid, As also the Draught of Tutna Mr Stratford the Companys Agent at Maddrid, As also the Draught of Instruc
tions to said Mr Ttratford, And agreed thereto, and Ordered them to be laid before tions to said Mr Stratford, And agreed thereto, and Ordered them to be laid before
the Curt the Court
The Committee Examined in to the Dispatches to go by the prad The Committee Examined in to the Dispatches to go by the present
Ship, and find them to be as follow viz Ship, and find them to be as follow vizt
An Authentick Assiento Contract and Convention An Authentick Assiento Contract and Convention
Cedula for opening the Assiente Frade and Annual Tup on the Cedula for opening the Assiento Trade and Annual Ship on the
same foot as before the War (the Originab ledula) same foot as before the War (the Original Cedula)
3 Letters from the Sprnish Ambassador to the Gremor of 3 Letters from the Sprnish Ambassador to the Governors of
the Several Ports in the Judies recommending the Companys Offairs the Several Ports in the Judies recommending the Companys Offairs
edueas all of the same Tenor and Date for Selling the 3 Cedulas all of the same Tenor and Date for Selling the
Goods in the time of the fair and after, and Goods in the time of the fair and after, and
directing