Wednesday 10 July 1717 Wednesday 10th July 1717
At a Commrs of Correspondence At a Commrs of Correspondence
Present Present
The Depty Governr The Depty Governr
Mr Chester Mc Fellowes Mr Chester Mr Fellowes
The Commts agreed to a Certificate to be given to The Commee agreed to a Certificate to be given to
Capt. Raymond of the Ship Royal Prince Importing her Capt. Raymond of the Ship Royal Prince Importing her
being appointed to goo Vera Cruz with a Cargor of Goods being appointed to go to Vera Cruz with a Cargoe of Goods
as one of their annual Ships Pursuant to the Assiento & as one of their annual Ships Pursuant to the Assiento &
Convention Explaining the same Convention Explaining the same
The Comms Revised the Letter to the Vera Cour Factory The Comms Revised the Letter to the Vera Cruz Factory
and made an Addition thereto relating to the coming home and made an Addition thereto relating to the coming home
of one of the Factory pursuant to the Order of the of one of the Factory pursuant to the Order of the
Court in that behalf Court in that behalf
The Commrs. agreed to Instructions to Capt Sesson The Commee. agreed to Instructions to Capt Jesson
Commrs. of the Sarah Gally Commr. of the Sarah Gally
The Comms. Drew up a memorial to the The Comms. Drew up a memorial to the
Lords of the Admiralty relating to the Pyracys in the Lords of the Admiralty relating to the Pyracys in the
West Indies & Denring that his Majt ys Ship Diamond West Indies & Desiring that his Majtys Ship Diamond
now about to Depart for Jamaica may be Orderd to now about to Depart for Jamaica may be Orderd to
take Charge of the Royal Prince 16 Jamaica & Vera take Charge of the Royal Prince to Jamaica & Vera
Cruz, and of the London in her passage home so farr as Cruz, and of the London in her passage home so farr as
that she may be out of Danger of the Pirates and that she may be out of Danger of the Pirates and
Orderd, That the Commrs. of shipping be desired to Orderd, That the Commee. of shipping be desired to
Present the same Present the same
& X29 Adjd.