it to them to be upon their Guard, with respect to Securing the Comp. it to them to be upon their Guard, with respect to Securing the Comp.
effects. effects.
And also a like Letter to the Supra Curgoes of the Rt George And also a like Letter to the Supra Curgoes of the Rl George
and of the Prince Treduick, Annual Ships and of the Prince Treduick, Annual Ships
And likewise to the Agents at Jamaica And likewise to the Agents at Jamaica
And Orderd That they be wrote over fair, and laid before the next And Orderd That they be wrote over fair, and laid before the next
Court for their Approbation Court for their Approbation
Read in Court Read in Court
Adjournd Adjournd
28 April 1726 28 April 1726
and Lond Polatters and signd sd Letters
Tuesday 27 Sept. 1726 Tuesday 27 Sept. 1726
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Sub: Govr. The Dep. Gov. The Sub: Govr. The Dep. Gov.
Mr Savill Mr Savill
Mr Swartr attending laid before the Comittee a State in Nri Mr Swartz attending laid before the Comittee a State in Nri
=ting of the matters he complaind of to the Court of Directors the 11th =ting of the matters he complaind of to the Court of Directors the 11th
August last inrelation to the Insult and Indignity put on the Comp August last inrelation to the Insult and Indignity put on the Comp
and himself by Don Manuel de Alderate President and Cap General of and himself by Don Manuel de Alderate President and Cap General of
Tera Firma, in forcing him away in a very Scandalous manner, and Tera Firma, in forcing him away in a very Scandalous manner, and
the same being read and Considerd; The Comittee are of Opinion that the same being read and Considerd; The Comittee are of Opinion that
it is of Importance to the Company to resent the Same, and demand it is of Importance to the Company to resent the Same, and demand
Satisfaction at the Court of Madrid, and to that End gave Diections Satisfaction at the Court of Madrid, and to that End gave Diections
fordrawing up an humble Petition to his Majesty Setting forth fordrawing up an humble Petition to his Majesty Setting forth
the most material parts of the Complaint, and praying His Majestys the most material parts of the Complaint, and praying His Majestys
Directions thereupon to his Ambassadoe at Madrid Directions thereupon to his Ambassadoe at Madrid
Rnd in Court Rnd in Court
and agred to and agred to
6 poto 1726 6 Octor 1726
Edjourne Adjournd