the Company in the Trust of their Suprabargoship, to be Executed the Company in the Trust of their Suprabargoship, to be Executed
by the 4 Suprabargoes here. by the 4 Supra Cargoes here.
A Druplicate of the same to be Executed by Mr Bastie at Verabrug A Duplicate of the same to be Executed by Mr Bastie at Vera Cruz
Bond to be Executed by the 4 Suprabargoes & their respective Suretys Bond to be Executed by the 4 Supra Cargoes & their respective Suretys
for performance of the Covenants therein Containd. for performance of the Covenants therein Containd.
A Special Bond of £2000 to be excuted here by each of Mr Bashies A Special Bond of £2000 to be excuted here by each of Mr Bashies
Suretys. Suretys.
A Bond for Performance of Covenants to be executed by Mr Bastie A Bond for Performance of Covenants to be executed by Mr Bastie
at Verabrioz. at Vera Cruz.
Indenture of Covenants not to be Concernd in any Unlicansd Trade. Indenture of Covenants not to be Concernd in any Unlicansd Trade.
to be executed by all the Suprabargoes, but Mr Bashe who to be executed by all the Supra Cargoes, but Mr Bastie who
is at Verabriz. is at Vera Cruz.
Bond for performance thereof to be executed only by the 4 Supra Bond for performance thereof to be executed only by the 4 Supra
"Cargoes who are here. "Cargoes who are here.
Messrs Spencer Burrow Holland and Mead being present Messrs Spencer Burrow Holland and Mead being present
during the reading of the said Indentures and Bonds, Agreed thereto during the reading of the said Indentures and Bonds, Agreed thereto
Orders Orders
That the said Indentures and Bonds be laid before That the said Indentures and Bonds be laid before
the Court for their Approbation. the Court for their Approbation.
Mr Gambeir also read to the Comittee the Traft of an Indenture Mr Gambier also read to the Comittee the Draft of an Indenture
of Covenants to be Executed by Messrs Spencer & Bastie pursuant to
the Agreement lately made for their Supplying Verabruz with the Agreement lately made for their Supplying Vera Cruz with
Negroes, Which the Comittee approved Negroes, Which the Comittee approved
Order Order'd
That the said Indenture be also laid before the Court That the said Indenture be also laid before the Court
Order Order'd
That it be an Instruction to the Suprabargoes who That it be an Instruction to the Supra Cargoes who
go out in the Royal Caroline, that untill Mr Bashe shall Execute go out in the Royal Caroline, that untill Mr Bastie shall Execute
the the