And And}
MrMeardi at Madrd Mr Uzardi} at Madrd
Mr Herne at Ediz Mr Herne} at Cadiz
Upon the Subject of the Companys Cochineal and de Upon the Subject of the Companys Cochineal and Indigo
brought in the last Flota to Codiz from tora Cur brought in the last Flota to Cadiz from Vera Cruz
Also etters prepered to the Several Fctorys of Crth Also Letters prepared to the Several Factory's of Carthagena
St. Tago the Cita Lanama Havana Vera Conz and Bunos Aures drat St. Jago the Cuba Panama Havana Vera Cruz and Buenos Aures directing
them to Ballance their Books to the time of Receiving these Orders t them to Ballance their Books to the time of Receiving these Orders And
to enter all their proceedings after that time in Nim Books pursuant to enter all their proceedings after that time in New Books pursuant
to Order of the Court of the 17th of last Month to Order of the Court of the 17th of last Month
That the sd Letters be laid before the Court to be Sign'd Ordd. That the sd Letters be laid before the Court to be Sign'd
The Comittee also prepared the draft of a Memorial to his Maity The Comittee also prepared the draft of a Memorial to his Majesty
praying his Majestys directions for claiming the rdige and the Etoduc praying his Majestys directions for claiming the Indigo and the Produce
of the Companystockencal brought in the Fota to Coder and Also the Thip of the Companys Cochineal brought in the Fota to Cadiz and Also the Ship
Herbert Galley freighted by this Company which was Suzed at tera Cor Herbert Galley freighted by this Company which was Seized at Vera Cruz
and cate to Crdiz with the said Flota. and came to Cadiz with the said Flota.
O. That the same be laid before the Court Ordd. That the same be laid before the Court
85 Adjd
Tu day 18th April 1721. Tuesday 18th April 1721.
D a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Deputy Governonr The Deputy Governonr
TThe Tub Governour The Sub Governour
Mr Pittl Mr Pitt
Mr Ryles Mr Ayles
Mr Cant Mr Lant
Mr Brooks Mr Brooks
Mr Tellicux Mr Tellieux
Do Wood Dr Wood
The Committeeeised the Eitters prepared to the Companys te The Committee revised the Letters prepared to the Companys Several
Factorys abroad And finished those to Carthagena, Lt. Tagode Cba of Al Factorys abroad And finished those to Carthagena, St. Jago de Cuba & Panama
And intend to proceed on the rest at their next Meeting And intend to proceed on the rest at their next Meeting
Adjd.