Henry Neale of Mincing lane- Esqr Henry Neale of Mincing lane- Esqr
and and
Edmund Blunkett of York place near Battersea- Merch Edmund Blunkett of York place near Battersea- Merch
The Comittee approvd of them accordingly The Comittee approvd of them accordingly
Orde. Order'd
That Mr Spackman and his Suretys give That Mr Spackman and his Suretys give
Bonds in the penalty of £2000 Bonds in the penalty of £2000
Mr Tawr the Comps other Factor at Brunos Ayres proposd for Mr Taur the Comps other Factor at Buenos Ayres proposd for
his Securitys. his Securitys.
John Gore of Bishopgatistret London Esqr John Gore of Bishopgatestreet London Esqr
and and
John Baker of the same place- Merch John Baker of the same place- Mercht
whom the Comittee approvd. whom the Comittee approvd.
Ordere Orderd
That Mr Faure and his said Suretys give Bonds That Mr Faure and his said Suretys give Bonds
in the penalty of £1500 in the penalty of £1500
Mr Edward Eyles the Bookeeper to the said Factory proposd Mr Edward Eyles the Bookeeper to the said Factory proposd
for his Suretys, Sir Joseph Eyles and Mr John Lister for his Suretys, Sir Joseph Eyles and Mr John Lister
whom the Comittee also approvd. whom the Comittee also approvd.
Orderd Order'd
That Mr Eyles and his Suretys give Bonds That Mr Eyles and his Suretys give Bonds
in the penalty of £500 in the penalty of £500
Mr. Gamber having peruised & Settled the General Mr. Gamber having peruised & Settled the General
Instructions Deputation and power of Attorney for the Brunos Instructions Deputation and power of Attorney for the Brunos
Ayres Factory. Ayres Factory.
Order Order'd
That the same be laid before the Court with That the same be laid before the Court with
the other Dispatches. the other Dispatches.
The Comittee took into Consideration the Request of the The Comittee took into Consideration the Request of the
Buenos Ayres Factory to have the usual Advance Money, And
are of Opinion that £1000 be Imprest to Mr Spackman £700 to are of Opinion that £1000 be Imprest to Mr Spackman £700 to
M. Mr.