which the Comittee are of Opinion may be approved. which the Comittee are of Opinion may be approved.
Mr Canhamalso proposed as his Security as one of the Supra Mr Canham also proposed as his Security as one of the Supra
Cargoes Cargoes
Mr John Radbun Merch for £4000 Mr John Radburn Mercht} for £4000
Mr Thos Sambrooke Grocer Mr Thos Sambrooke Grocer}
which the Comittee are also of Opinion may be Accepted which the Comittee are also of Opinion may be Accepted
Mr Sutt, one of the Supea Cargoes, also proposed for his Securitys Mr Tutt, one of the Supea Cargoes, also proposed for his Securitys
Edward Jefferies of Brecknock Esq Edward Jefferies of Brecknock Esq}
Jno Brinsdon of Wotton Basat Esqr for £4000 Jno Brinsdon of Wotton Basset Esqr} for £4000
which the Comittee are of Opinion are very suficient Persons and which the Comittee are of Opinion are very suficient Persons and
may be accepted. may be accepted.
Read in Court Read in Court
28 Novt 1728 28 Novt 1728
and agreed to and agreed to
djowrnd Adjournd
Wedmeday the 1 Decen 173 Wedmeday the 11th Decemr 1723
At a Comittee of Corespondence At a Comittee of Corespondence
Present Present
The Sub Govd. The Sub Govr.
The Dep. Ger: The Dep. Govr:
Mr Ayles Mr Ayles
Mr Roberts Mr Roberts
Mr Brooke Mr Brooke
Mr Tellieux Mr Tellieux
Mr Pitt Mr Pitt
Dr Wood Dr Wood
The Comittee took into further Consideration the reference The Comittee took into further Consideration the reference
of the Court of the 14 Ulh. relating to the regulating the Several Fastlry of the Court of the 14 Ulh. relating to the regulating the Several Factorys
and particularly that of Panama and Porto belo, and the Comittee and particularly that of Panama and Porto belo, and the Comittee
finding that the Court have no reason to be well Satisfyed with the finding that the Court have no reason to be well Satisfyed with the
past and present Conduct of the Factory at Panama and Porto belo past and present Conduct of the Factory at Panama and Porto belo
are of Opinion, That for the better and more certain knowledge of are of Opinion, That for the better and more certain knowledge of
the the