Hednesday 1th December 1717 Wednesday 17th December 1717
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The Deputy Governorr The Deputy Governour
Mr. Blunt Mr. Blunt
Mr Fellowes Mr Fellowes
Sr. Wm Chapman Sr. Wm Chapman
Sr Theodore Sansen Sr Theodore Janssen
Mr Chester Mr Chester
Mr Reade Mr Reade
Besolved That it is the Opinon of thi Comitte that the Resolved That it is the Opinon of this Comittee that the
Factory of St. Sago de Cuba be under the care & management of Mr Factory of St. Jago de Cuba be under the care & management of Mr
Woodbridge of Barbadoes in like manner as that of the Htavana And Woodbridge of Barbadoes in like manner as that of the Havana And
that the Company's agents at Jamaiiu be advised thereof that the Company's agents at Jamaiiu be advised thereof
The Comittee Examined the Instructions prepared for Mr Wodonge The Comittee Examined the Instructions prepared for Mr Woodbridge
and agreed thereto. And ordered them to be laid before the Court and agreed thereto. And ordered them to be laid before the Court
The Committee pursuant to order of the Court 11th Instant tok into The Committee pursuant to order of the Court 11th Instant took into
Consideration the Letter from the French assients Company of the 6th Instant Consideration the Letter from the French assiento Company of the 6th Instant
relating to Mr Sonehee their Agent at the Htavana and other their Affairs in relating to Mr Jonehee their Agent at the Htavana and other their Affairs in
the West Indies desiring the said Agent and all their Effects Seized & Smbargd may the West Indies desiring the said Agent and all their Effects Seized & Imbargd may
be releand be released
Agred to meet to monow night 5:6 to take the said Letter into farther Agred to meet to monow night 5:6 to take the said Letter into farther
Consideration And that Mr Thea Mr Woodbridge and Mr Clelamnd be dered Consideration And that Mr Shea Mr Woodbridge and Mr Cleland be desired
to attend. to attend.
The Comittee went up to attend the R. Honble the Earl of sinerland The Comittee went up to attend the R. Honble the Earl of Sunderland
in relation to the Memorial in behalf of Mr Bowles in relation to the Memorial in behalf of Mr Bowles
Read in Courh 13 Dec 1717 Read in Court 13 Decr 1717
A3y. Adjd