such Officers as shall appear to have known of Contraband Trade (ifany such Officers as shall appear to have known of Contraband Trade (if any)
to have been carried on by any Persons whatsoever, and shall not Acquaint to have been carried on by any Persons whatsoever, and shall not Acquaint
the Court of Directors thereof at the Return of the said Ship be in either the Court of Directors thereof at the Return of the said Ship be in either
of these lases Forfeited to the Company. of these lases Forfeited to the Company.
That the Captain of the said Ship with 2 sufficient persons be That the Captain of the said Ship with 2 sufficient persons be
bound for his Sidelity as Comander of her as well as Treprabargo. bound for his Sidelity as Comander of her as well as Treprabargo.
The Comittee are further of Opinion The Comittee are further of Opinion
That the Chief Mate give Bond with sufficient Persons for his Fdility That the Chief Mate give Bond with sufficient Persons for his Fidelity
and that he take the Oath prescribd by the Charter as well as the Supra and that he take the Oath prescribd by the Charter as well as the Supra
Cargoes & Comander may Dye, in which case he will succeed him if the Cargoes & Comander may Dye, in which case he will succeed him if the
SupraCargoes have no Objection. SupraCargoes have no Objection.
The Comittee being extreamly desirous that all Clandestine Trade The Comittee being extreamly desirous that all Clandestine Trade
may be prevented from being carried on for the future by any of the Comp may be prevented from being carried on for the future by any of the Comp
Servants in general in their Ships & Factorys are also of Opinion Servants in general in their Ships & Factorys are also of Opinion
That beside the Forfeiture and Loss of their respective Comissions & That beside the Forfeiture and Loss of their respective Comissions &
other Allowances and Wages, as before proposd, that the party or partys other Allowances and Wages, as before proposd, that the party or partys
Offending should be liable to the further penalty of paying to the Offending should be liable to the further penalty of paying to the
Company the full Value of the Contraband Trade if the Value thereof Company the full Value of the Contraband Trade if the Value thereof
be Ascertained or ₤250 P Ton for every Ton, if the Quantity (and be Ascertained or ₤250 P Ton for every Ton, if the Quantity (and
not the Value shall be discovered, in case such Discovery be made not the Value shall be discovered, in case such Discovery be made
on Oath within the said time of 6 Months after the Return of on Oath within the said time of 6 Months after the Return of
the said Ship to the Port of London, the said Ship to the Port of London,
And likewise that the Delinquents be imediately discharge And likewise that the Delinquents be imediately discharge
the Company's Service and render'd incapable of over Serving the the Company's Service and render'd incapable of over Serving the
Company again. Company again.
Adjournd. Adjourn'd.