be very great Suferers not only by the Decay of the Gods Charge of Warchouse
room and the Loss of the Interest of the moneys. the charges they have been at
in building victualling & Equipping the said Ship (which is fit for no other
Service) and the disadvantage that will attend the going of 2 ships together
with the manufactures of this Kingdom which must depretiate them in their
Sales. and by many more mischevious consequences which may attend the same
the said Court of Directors Do most humbly Implore yor Majesty their
Most Gracious King & Governour to take the Premises into yor Royal
consideration, And that you will be pleased to grant them yor Protection and to
give such Directions to yor Majesty's Envoy at the Court of Madrid, not only
to take off the said suspension but for obtaining His CM. cedula for the
admission of the said ship in the Spanish West Indies and for a freedom of
Trade there pursuant to the aforesaid Convention. As yor Majesty in
Yor Great Wisdom shall see proper
By order of the Court of Directors
Saml Shepheard Depty
South Sea house
5 June 1718
Translation of a Letter bearing date the 26t. May
1718 wrote to the Chevalier Eon by Dr Joseph Rodrigo
Secretary of State to His Cath Majesty
By the Arrival of a Gentn. dipatct'd by Dn.
Juan Martinez with the Account of the taking of some Forreign ships hat
were trading in the South seas. His Majesty hus received a Representation
from the Prince of St. Buens and the Comerce of Pern in which they
carnestly beseech His Majesty to Suspend the departure of the Gatteons for
this year: becanse that as That Kingdom is aleady abundantly provided
with all sorts of Merchandize. The arrival of a Flota would entirely
frustrate the hopes they are in of Reestablishing the Comerce there, His
Majesty considering the Importance of Resetling that Comerce and
Judging that by the Quantitiys of Goods that were in the Prizes with here
before in the Kingdom increases the Inconvenience that Labours under,
this year: becanse that as That Kingdom is aleady abundantly provided
Has resolved to Suspend the Departure of the Gallions for this year
And