afor said, The same being as they apprehend Contrary to his afor said, The same being as they apprehend Contrary to his
Cath: Maj. Gracious Intentions in the Original Grant Cath: Maj. Gracious Intentions in the Original Grant
of the said Ship, but that the Company may be at Liberty of the said Ship, but that the Company may be at Liberty
as they are at Present by the said Grant to Tend the said as they are at Present by the said Grant to Tend the said
Ship to Such of the said Ports as the Fair Shall in each Ship to Such of the said Ports as the Fair Shall in each
Particular Year happen to be held at And in Cast of no
Fair at either of the said Ports That the Company may have Fair at either of the said Ports That the Company may have
Liberty to send the said Ship to either of the said Ports Liberty to send the said Ship to either of the said Ports
or Carthagena where they shall be advised there is the or Carthagena where they shall be advised there is the
Greatest Demand for their Merchanding. For should they Greatest Demand for their Merchanding. For should they
be restrained the 1 Year to go to Porto Beld, & the 2 to Vera be restrained the 1 Year to go to Porto Beld, & the 2 to Vera
Cruz, & so altornately to each Port, It may probably & Cruz, & so altornately to each Port, It may probably &
will Sometimes certainly happen, that if the Ancient Mithod will Sometimes certainly happen, that if the Ancient Mithod
of Fairs be restored (which they earnostly desire way be) of Fairs be restored (which they earnostly desire way be)
That when the Fair will be to be Held at Porto Belo, the Comps That when the Fair will be to be Held at Porto Belo, the Comps
Ship for that year may be Obliged to as to Vera Couz On the
Contrary when the Tair be to be Held at Vera Cunt, the Comp. Contrary when the Fair be to be Held at Vera Cunt, the Comp.
Ship for that year may be Obliged to go to Porto Belo
to the Great Lrejudice of the Company, and without any
Advantage to his Cash: Maj: or his Subjects, & far from Advantage to his Cash: Maj: or his Subjects, & far from
Answering his Cath: Maj gracious Intention in the Grant Answering his Cath: Maj gracious Intention in the Grant
of that Ship And till the Fairs are restored at Porto Belo of that Ship And till the Fairs are restored at Porto Belo
it would be the utter Less of all the Cargos Sent thither it would be the utter Less of all the Cargos Sent thither
intirely Dofeat the Intention of the Grant. So that the Comps. intirely Dofeat the Intention of the Grant. So that the Comps.
Cannot but think that they have made it Fully appear
that their request in relacon to the Annuab Ship is very that their request in relacon to the Annuab Ship is very
far from being exorbitant or unreasonable. And is the far from being exorbitant or unreasonable. And is the
Only Method they can conceive whereby they may enjoy Only Method they can conceive whereby they may enjoy
the bonofit Designed bhmby his Cath: Majr great Goodness
in the Grant thereof, and that his Cath: Maj from his in the Grant thereof, and that his Cath: Maj from his
known known