Fruits which are the Growth of the Spanish West Indies. These Estancios are a Breach
of the Assiento & Destructive to the Trade of the Company, and will render the same
Impracticable
10 The Royal officers at Portobelo having measured 347 Negroes Men Women
and children, which were brought thither at 337 ps of India. The Company's Factors
finding they had not justice done them in that measurement complained thereofto
their Judge Conservator at Panama who directed a second measurement which was
Performed accordingly. In the Presence of the President Assessor Royal Offices attorny
General and Scrivener, of the Audiencia in due form and they were then measured
at 50 ps India less then the Royel offices at Portobelo had measured them at, notwithstanding which
the Royal Oficers at Panama. refused to give the Company's Agents the Proper
Certificates of this last measurement. Pretending it is not in the Power of the Comps
Judge Conservator to order a Second measurement This the Company conceive to be
an apparent Breach of the 13th. act of the Assiento. which has reserved to the Judge
Conservator the Cognizance (enclusive of all others) of all causes, affairs & suits
relating to the assiento with full Authority & Jurisdiction.
11 The Royal offcer at Panama have demanded & Reced 3 ps 8/8 p Head
for all the Negroes the Companys Factors have Indulted, which money the said
Factors have demanded of the Royal Officers and upon Refusal a Law suit
Comenced. and the Royal Officers were cast and ordered to pay the money. But
instead thereof they have appealed to the Council of Indies, Autos of the Proceedings
in which Suit have been transmitted to the Companys agents in Madrid, in order
that the money so taken may pursuant to the 2d Art of the assients be made good
to the Company out of the duties which they are to pay to his CM. But the Compa
have yet reed no satisfaction for the same.
12 The Companys Factors at Panama have been obliged to pay there
the Duties on Slaves confiscated and Indulted which (as they are advised) is
contrary to the Practice of all former Assientists whoe Indulted Negroes were
comprehended in the number of ps de India they were obliged to furnish, the
duties whereof were Payable in Madrid. And for as much as the Company
are inttled to all the Benefitsm, Priviledges, Concessions & advantages of former
Assientos