To the Kings Most Excell Majesty To the Kings Most Excell Majesty
in Council in Council
The humble Petition of the Court of Directors The humble Petition of the Court of Directors
of the South Sea Company. of the South Sea Company.
Sheweth Sheweth
That by a llane in an Act passd about That by a Clause in an Act passd about
November last by the Governour Council & assembly of your Majesty's November last by the Governour Council & assembly of your Majesty's
Island of Samaua. It is Enaited That from and after the 5th Sanny then Island of Jamaica. It is Enacted That from and after the 5th Jany then
next and now last past for the full sime & Term of one whole year a next and now last past for the full Time & Term of one whole year a
Duty of Twenty shillings p head shall be raised and paid for every Negro Duty of Twenty shillings p head shall be raised and paid for every Negro
that shall be exported by way of Merchundize in any Ship. Stoop or Vessel that shall be exported by way of Merchendize in any Ship, Sloop or Vessel
belonging to the said Island, or to the said Company. For the disannule belonging to the said Island, or to the said Company. For the disannulg
which act by your Majesty's Royal Authority, the said company did which act by your Majesty's Royal Authority, the said company did
lay a Humble memorial before your Majesty of 28th Febry last copy lay a Humble memorial before your Majesty of 28th Febry last copy
whereof they with great Humility crave leave to Annea. whereof they with great Humility crave leave to Annex.
That the said Company have reced advices from That the said Company have reced advices from
their agents of the 20th August last. That they fear the like duty will be their agents of the 20th August last. That they fear the like duty will be
continued or a Greater laid for another year by the Assembly then sitting continued or a Greater laid for another year by the Assembly then sitting
which will greatly affect & prejudice the said Company, in carrying which will greatly affect & prejudice the said Company, in carrying
on the Assients. For that the Company do cause all their Negroe ships on the Assiento. For that the Company do cause all their Negroe ships
designed for any of the northern Ports of the Spanish West Indies to designed for any of the northern Ports of the Spanish West Indies to
touch at Jamaica for Refreshments for the Regroes, and Landing touch at Jamaica for Refreshments for the Negroes, and Landing
and Recovering such as are sickly and also frequently buy negroes and Recovering such as are sickly and also frequently buy negroes
on that Island, whereby many mutual advantages arise to the Island on that Island, whereby many mutual advantages arise to the Island
and to the Company. But if the said Duty be continued the burther and to the Company. But if the said Duty be continued the burthen
thereof will in Effect be a Prohibition of that Island to the Company thereof will in Effect be a Prohibition of that Island to the Company
and they will be thereby necesstated to proceed with their ships of Negrry and they will be thereby necessitated to proceed with their ships of Negroes
Directly from a frice to the Spanish Ports without any Opportunity Directly from Africa to the Spanish Ports without any Opportunity
of Landing or Refreshing the Sickly to the Great Detriment of the of Landing or Refreshing the Sickly to the Great Detriment of the
company and Prejudice of the said Island who thereby will be deprived company and Prejudice of the said Island who thereby will be deprived
of the many advantages they now reap from the present Method of of the many advantages they now reap from the present Method of