or Convention Entred into between yor Majesty and His Cath: Majesty dated 26
May 1717 His CM has been pleased f in consideration that the Company had not had
the Liberty for the first Three years to send the said Annuel ship of 500 tuns/ to
Compensate the same by granting them for 10 years comencing from the year 1712
a ship of 650 Tuns. in Lieu of the said ship of 500 Tuns for the said 10 years.
and His CM was further by the said Last mentioned Treaty to declare that there
shall be Pairs Regularly kept every year in Peru or in new Spain, And that
advice shall be given to the Court of England of the Preeise time in which the
Flota or Galleons shall depart for the Indies that the Company may at the same
time cause their ship to depart and that in Case the Plota or Gallions shall not be
departed from Cady in all the month of June. It shall be Permitted to the Comp.
to cause their ship to depart giving advice of the Day of it's departure to the
Court of Madrid or to the minister of Hti CMs who shall be in London And
being Arrived at one of the 3 Ports of Carthagena. Portobelo or Vecalis the
shall be obliged to stay there for the Plota or Gallsons Four months to begin from
the day of the arival of the said Vefel, and when that time is Expired it shall
be Pesmitted to the said Company to seletheir Merchandize without any obstacle
That in Pursuance of the said Treates the Company did the last year
build on Purpose and send to veraliuz a Ship with Goods and Mexchandize
And have also built another for the present year to proceed to Carthagena & Portobele
and have for that Purpose provided a large of very great value propee for those
Carts which they have begun to Load and are ready with the remainder in
order to dispetch her at the end of the Present Month of June.
That the Chevalior Eon His CMs. Director for the affairs of the Assiento
has this day laid before the Court of Directors of the said Company a Letter which he
has ree from Dn Jos: Rodrigo Secretary of State to His Cms dated 26 May
last Translation whereof they humbly crave Leave to annex hereunto for
Suspending the Departure of the Co. said ship for this year for the reasons therein
aledged; But that the Company may receive no prejudice thereby, Thi Cm
proposes that the Company shall be permitted to send 2 Ships the next year in
Company with the Galleons.
Now for a much as the said court of Directors do humbly conceive
That this Order of his CM. is contrary to the aforesaid Convention sollemnly
concluded with 4o. Majesty and for that the company muct incertably