on board her for the use or account of the South Sea Company. And the better
to manifest the truth of the above Declarations and the Sincerity of the Court of Director
therein, they presume herewith to lay before you copy of a Complaint relating to the
said 2ships accompanying the Royal Prince made by the Marq. de Grimalto to His
Majesty's Envoy at Madred & transmitted to the Court of Directors by Mr. Bowle, their
agent these and of the answer & Directions given by them to their said agent theceupon
when they aid not expect any complaint was tobe made by the said Embassaderhere
All which is most humbly Submited
By order of the Court of Directors 
Daniel Wesomnb
South Sea house
27 June 1718
Extract from a Letter written by the Court of Directors
of the South Sea Company to Mr Bowles their agent in
Madrid the 26th June 1718
We have reced yo of the 20th Cunt. with the Tranilation of the Mary Grane
o Letter to Mr Stanhope complaining of Our Sending 2 ships in Company with Our
Annl ship to vera Cruz. And the find the stress of the Complaint in the said Letter
is that our design of our sending 2 ships with the Annual one was that they might
carry all the Provisions & Stores, whereby the other might be enabled to carry
her entire Lading of Merchandize. But seeing this was not the Case We
think it very proper for our Justification that you set this matter in a true light
that the court of Spain maybe convinced of the Integrity of the Companys Proceedings
And that no fraud was intended as the said Letter Suggests.
The True case is this. The company's Annual ship Royal Prince
bound to vera cruz having onboard a very rich and valuable Cargoe wherein so many
Proprietors were interested as well as his CM: The Court of Directors did not
think it Prudent or safe to Suffer her to Proceed the voyage without Convoy.
Seeing the pyrates were then become so very numerous and formidable in these
Parts, having taken the Whidah an English ship of 24 Guns & 80 men richly
laden. Also the Dragon & Royal Africa belonging to the Company the
first