to reap the Benefit intended by the 13th & 19th articles of Seizing & Indulting to ther
own use all negroes unduly imported. There have been likewise great Introductions of
Negroes clandestinely at Puerto Principe from whence they are brought to the Havana
and the Company's Factory have been obstructed in their endeavours for Preventing
the same. A Particular instance whereof the Company are advised vizt. that
their Agent having notice of Several Large Introductions of Negroes clandestinely
at Puerto Principe, The Company's Factor authorized a Person of the Best Estate
and fairest character to Seize all such negroes as should arrive on that Coast after
the Date of the said Power, and also to Inform himself of what Negroes had
been introduced since the Present assiento, In order to lay an Indulto on them
But that Person was prevented from putting the same in Execution the
Populace at Puerto Principe threatning that if he offered to seize a negroe
or disturb the Private Traders they would hang him and his Power on the
Tallest tree.
8. Furthermore the Companys Factors at Panama having information
of a ship which camed Negroes to Peru (Introduced p alto) upon her return
to Panama, they Petitioned the President or Governr of that Place to examine
the Master & men what Quantity went: whom they belonged to, and to whom consignd
which he was so just as to execute: yet a Party concerned in the Illicit Trade soon
found ways & means to stifle all the Evidence by a Present of 2500 ps 8/8 to which he
made to the President as appears by a Declaration made by Captn Estevan Dias
before the atorney General in the Company's Possession ready to be produced,
all which Evil practices are a very great Damage to the Company, and if not
prevented for the future will disable them from Introducing the number of
Negroes for which they are obliged to pay duties to his CM.
9. The Company are advised that the Latter end of June 1717. Arrived at
the Havana a Spanish Man of War with a Super Intendant in order to Estank
the Tobacco of that Island. In pursuance of the King of Spain's Cedula, which
made it Death & Confiscation of Goods to any Persons who should export that
Comodity except those concerned for His CM: The Company are also Informed.
that the Cocoa at Caracas is Likewise estanked. Now for asmuh as
the Company have Liberty by the Assiento Contract to export all the
Fruits