of Cadr. His Phalick Majty having been pleased to appaie Two of his of Cadiz. His Catholick Majty having been pleased to appaie Two of his
own Mixe of War for your service and the Company having known yor pleasure own Mixe of War for your service and the Company having known yor pleasure
Have dispoced the said Ship directly for Carlageua with their Factors Have dispoced the said Ship directly for Carthagena with their Factors
Who are instruced to pay You all due honor & expect, as this Company will Who are instruced to pay You all due honor & expect, as this Company will
always do, and be ready to approve them selve on all Occasions of yor always do, and be ready to approve them selve on all Occasions of yor
Service: We pray God to preserve yor Exp person & Gooersunent many Service: We pray God to preserve yor Exp person & Gooersunent many
years, I am years, I am
Yor Exs. More Obed. humble Brt. Yor Exs. More Obed. humble servt.
James Pateman S. God James Bateman S. Govr
To the Prince of San Buind To the Prince of San Bueno
South Seahouse South Seahouse
9 Feb 1714 9 Feb 1714
Sr Sir
The Copy of the Order the Rt Honle the Lords of the Admically The Copy of the Order the Rt Honle the Lords of the Admically
have been pleased to send to Capt Fartington of his Majestes shpp have been pleased to send to Capt Partington of his Majestes shpp
the Warwick, upon the Complaint of Capt Dover and Mr Martin the Warwick, upon the Complaint of Capt Dover and Mr Martin
of the ill Treatment they have, and are like to receive from of the ill Treatment they have, and are like to receive from
Capt Fartington, as also of your Letter which gave Cover to the Capt Partington, as also of your Letter which gave Cover to the
said Order, have been read to the Court of Directors of the said Order, have been read to the Court of Directors of the
South Sea Company who Command me to desire you will pleas South Sea Company who Command me to desire you will pleas
to return their Lord strj their hearty thanks for their favour to return their Lord strj their hearty thanks for their favour
Sown to the Company in this matter Sown to the Company in this matter
What I have further to add is to give you the thanks of What I have further to add is to give you the thanks of
the said Court of Directors for your Care on this occasion the said Court of Directors for your Care on this occasion
and to assure you that I am and to assure you that I am
Sir, Sir,
Your mt Humble Servt Your mt Humble Servt
Sury J Ury
To Josiah Burchet Esqr To Josiah Burchet Esqr