in Chancary to be filed against us for the Recovery of the duty of in Chancery to be filed against us for the Recovery of the duty of
the hegroes Capt. Poott carried for Carthagena. We presume it's the Negroes Capt. Foott carried for Carthagena. We presume it's
already adjudged yor Honl. must pay for them as well as those that already adjudged yor Honrs. must pay for them as well as those that
s come into Port, tho' for those Plaptn Toott the Gov. would come into Port, tho' for those P Captn Foott the Govr. would
"hardly Permit us to put aboard what was absolutely necessary hardly Permit us to put aboard what was absolutely necessary
for the use of the Slaves, hor was the ship within Gunshot for the use of the Slaves, nor was the ship within Gunshot
of the Harbour. We have feed Council to defend it, in of the Harbour. We have fee'd Council to defend it, in
i hopes yor next will bring an Account of the Acts being hopes yor next will bring an Account of the Acts being
rejected and an order for the Duty being paid back: rejected and an order for the Duty being paid back
20th Aug 1717
The comrs for receiving the duty on Negroes exported.
would not permit the Sloop Eagle to pass the Fort before had paid
down the money. And We have since reced a Sumon by order
of the Government for the payment of the duties of the other
Negroes exported, and unless a Vessel arrives in a few days
and bring's an account of that Acts being rejected, and an
Order to have the Duties paid back. We shall have Judgment
pass'd against us for it, unless We can find some Flaw in
that Declaration. and by that means put the Clause by for
13 months which shall endeavour to do
Our assembly is now sitting and we fear will lay the
same or a greater duty on the exportation of negroes than last year
being told by some of Our Friends, the Major part are very warm
on that Subject. We beleive they think it an easy way of -
raising money to pay the debts of the Country. We were the
other day told by one of the Gentl of the Council that tho: Your
Honrs. might have Interest enough to present any Act of this Island
passing at home; yet as soon as one was rejected they could
make another, which would remain good till the Arrival of advice
that the same was rejected. We cannot think of any otherways
to Prevent these People Imposing what duty they please
on your Honrs. than an act of Parliament or an Instruction
from