Companys Trade and Affairs at Panama and Porto belo, and the Companys Trade and Affairs at Panama and Porto belo, and the
Sub Governour laid before the Comittee a Scheme for that purpose Sub Governour laid before the Comittee a Scheme for that purpose
which he read, and desired it might be weighed and Considerd, And which he read, and desired it might be weighed and Considerd, And
the Secretary to prepare Copys for Each of the Comittee. the Secretary to prepare Copys for Each of the Comittee.
Agreed at next meeting to consider the Courts reference of the Agreed at next meeting to consider the Courts reference of the
25 of January last relating to the Prices the Buenos Ayres 25 of January last relating to the Prices the Buenos Ayres
Buenor Ayres Tacfory Buenor Ayres Tacfory
overcharge ye price of hides overcharge ye price of hides
Factory charge for the Comp Hydes, and Capt Smith of the Factory charge for the Comp Hydes, and Capt Smith of the
Essexto be desired to attend and the Invoices from the Factory to Essexto be desired to attend and the Invoices from the Factory to
be laid before the Comittee be laid before the Comittee
Read in Coust the Read in Coust the
Lajound Lajound
29 February 1727 29 February 1727
and Agred to Mor and Agred to Mor
Thursday 7 March 1727 Thursday 7 March 1727
Ata Joynt Comittee of Correspondence and Factorys Ata Joynt Comittee of Correspondence and Factorys
Present Present
The Dep. Gov. The Dep. Gov.
Mc Ashton Mr Ashton
Sr. Rich Hophins Sr. Richd Hophins
Mr Brooke Mr Brooke
Mr Burrell Mr Burrell
Mr Halsey Mr Halsey
Dr Wood Dr Wood
Capt. Jones Capt. Jones
Tgreed to procede on the Courts reference of the 25 January
last relating to the Prices the Buenos Ayres Factory charge for the
Companys Hydes and that Mr Impoy and Capt Smith of the
Essex be desired to attend the next Comittee
The Comittee further proceeded in Examining into the late
Conduct and Management of the Panama and Portobelo Factors,
and the Secretary having Extracted from the Bundle of Letters de
liverd him lately by the Sub Governour the Matters complained of
and