Conceive to be an innovation upon the assiento, and will always very much tend to the
embarassment of the companys afairs.
19. The Company have reced Advrice that the Sparish Guard de Costa Ships had stop'd
Averal of the Assients Vessels, and taken out of them Several things not contraband Pticularly
out of the Sloop Three Brothers Wm Greenway Comander to the value of £26:9:9 first
Cost. That Edmund & John Denny 2 Supra Cargoes who had the Companys Passes,
to go with Negroes to the Island of Trinidad had been considerable sufferers by one of
The said ships taking their sloop from that Island and carrying her down to
Cumana, to which Place one of the Owners was obliged to go to reover his night
and the the said Sloop was returned by the Govr. of Cumana, yet the Loss & Charges
sustained thereby was as the Company are assured to the owners Detriment above
2000 ps 8/8, The Company are informed that the Governor of Trinidad has
acquainted his CM: with the said Denney's Case and the Autos of the Proceed
­:ings relating thereto have been transmitted by the Company to their Agent
at Madrid. Wherefore the Company hope Satisfaction will be made to
the Sufferers for the aforesaid Damage and Charges. And that the offenders
maybe Panished in Order to discourage the like Practices for the future
20. Whereas by the 13th art of the Assiento the Company cannot seize any
Negroes illegally imported into the Spanish West Indies without leave first obtained
from the President or Governour in whose Jurisdiction such negroes are the
asking which Leave the Company are advised is attended with such Delay that it
gives the Persons so importing them time to inform themselves of the Factors designs for
seizing them. By which means they avoid the Seizure by Selling or Carrying them
off (as has been several times done) not only to the Prejudice of the Company. But
the Loss of the Duties to the King of Spain. An Instance whereof the Company
are adviced vizt That upon information the Factors had reced, that about 200
Negroes were Lodged in an Island about 20 Leagues of Panama they immediately
apply'd to the President of that Place who granted them Comission to go and
Seize them, whereupon they dispatched a Bark for that Purpose. But on
Arrival at the said Island found the negroes had been embarked for Lima
2 days before occasioned as the Factors had good reason to apprehend from
the