future, And that for the great exastions which have been put on them hitherto, they
may have a Suitable Satisfaction.
16. Notwithstanding the company have Liberty by the 25th Art of the
assiento to receive in payment for the Negroes they sell, money. Bars of Silver and
Ingots of Gold, as also the Produce of the Country. And have free liberty thereby
to export the Effects & Fruits of the Country, being the Produce of the Sale
of the negroes, yet the Officers at Buenos Ayres Pretend to prevent the Company's
selling their negroes in Truck for Goods the Poduce of the Country. The Carildo
or Court of Aldermen there also take upon them to be the only Persons of whom
the Company's Factors may buy hides and Restrain & Prevent all others from Selling
to the Company. whereby they exact what Prices they Please, and oblige the
Companys Factors to pay considerably more than they could buy them for of
others.
17 Complaint has been made to the Company by Captn Thomas Hunt of
the St Quintin lately Arrived from Buenor Ayres in their Service concerning
the ill usage he met with from the comander of a Spenish Main of War formerly
the Pembroke Dr Barholome Urdinso and his Second Capt Dn Blass de Leso at the
said Port who enticed away and kept by force 13 of his ship's Crew together with
by Longboat and upon his demanding the same of them was threated to be fired
upon, And if he came onbard to be haused at the said Arm. This wasdone wint
out the least Provocation, against which Proceeding the said Captn. did Protest
in due Form at Buenos Ayres, of which Auhenrtick Testimonies are ready to Produce
18 The Companys Factory at Panama could not oftain Possession of the Assiento
But on Condition that one of the Royal Officers should assist in receiving all merchandize
and Negroes. And also in their sales, and take Particular Account of all Negotiations
as Director of His CM: Specify'd in the 28th art of the Assiento, and the the said
officer has been since removed with repect to the Sale of Negroes upon Condition
that the Company proune His CM. approbation thereof within 2 years (which is
now expred & no such approbation obtained) yet the President of Panama
and the said Officer insist to Intervene in behalf of his Cm with respect to
the Company's Annual ship, and the Sale of her Goods; This the Company
conceive