We must remead your and you are to remand. Our Ambass a docer We must remind you and you are to remind. Our Ambassador
how much she annuet they Concerns les that of the Cargoes may how much the annual Ship Concerns us that of the Cargoes may
be sold at a Certain short time after their arrivate if there be sold at a Certain short time after their arrival if there
be no tair that year, and that for every lear from the Time, be no tair that year, and that for every lear from the Time,
We commence our Duties we ought to have one this and if We commence our Duties we ought to have one this and if
not sent a one year we may import two ships the following not sent a one year we may import two ships the following
Year and have Liberty of the Carthagena & Corto Bello as Year and have Liberty of the Carthagena & Porto Bello as
also Dera four market also Vera Cruz market
This Article was given us in Consideration of the Losses former This Article was given us in Consideration of the Losses former
Assientists Sustained now if these be no fair we are to have Assientists Sustained now if there be no fair we are to have
no ship or our goods perish which is worse than having no ship or our goods perish which is worse than having
no ship and how can we then come at our Compensation no ship and how can we then come at our Compensation
this must be hard prest and well solicited to be Explained this must be hard prest and well solicited to be Explained
as we represent it night to be, or the Court of opac breaks as we represent it night to be, or the Court of Spain breaks
The Contract and makes it not worth the Acceptance, and The Contract and makes it not worth the Acceptance, and
before we consent to partwith any money to them We before we consent to part with any money to them We
expect to have it fully Explained. expect to have it fully Explained.
The Warwick with our Factors for Quenos Agres, and our thip The Warwick with our Factors for Buenos Ayres, and our Ships
to carry thither 1200 Negrocs piecas de India are departed to carry thither 1200 Negoes piecas de India are departed
without the Regular Dispatches from the Spanish Court wch
You are to get Expedited and speeded to us that we may send
an Express after them, unless there be a present Opportunity an Express after them, unless there be a present Opportunity
from Carir to send them thither otherways we may Suffer from Cadiz to send them thither otherways we may Suffer
extreamly for should they be refused Aomittance, and to be extreamly for should they be refused Admittance, and to be
Told there is no places thereabouts we can dispose of them sold there is no places thereabouts we can dispose of them
and may all perish wherefore its of absolute necesity the and may all perish wherefore its of absolute necesity the
Peace be notified in Form and all the Required Dispatches
for the Admission of our Dactors and out Negroes be for the Admission of our Factors and out Negroes be
speedily conveyed thether. We wish you health and success speedily conveyed thether. We wish you health and success
wall our tundertakings. Your Loing Friends. wall our tundertakings. Your Loving Friends.
Te Peteman Seb Gor Ja Bateman Sub Gor
John ellowes John Fellowes
Sam Shephean Deputy Sam Shepheard Deputy
R. Honey R. Honey
Hore. Towashead Hore. Towashead
Jacob Jacobren Jacob Jacobren
D Blackwell D Blackwell
Rd Houlditch Rd Houlditch
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Sanl Dead Junr Sanl Dead Junr
Theod Jaussen Theod Jaussen
or Hawes or Hawes
Dr be la PPort Dr be la PPort
Wmastell Wmastell
John Gore John Gore
Henry Durley Henry Durley
Dan Hayes Dan Hayes
Robt Chester Robt Chester
Harcout Masters Harcout Masters
J. Raymond J. Raymond
Thas Goye Thas Goye