Sinutes of the Committee of Correspondence Minutes of the Committee of Correspondence
Since the Election of the Court of Directors Since the Election of the Court of Directors
on the 1t. & the 3t of Feby 17267 on the 1st. & the 3d of Feby 1726/7
Man Onthe 16 Hor. 77 It was onderd that he Cot tefo esdlet Man Onthe 16 Hor. 77 It was order'd that the Committee for Regulating
the Factrys, Shoud (in Congination with the Comitteeof Correpondence Meet the Factorys, Shoud (in Conjunction with the Comittee of Correpondence) Meet
Statedly every Friday Statedly every Friday
Tuesday 28 March 1727. Tuesday 28 March 1727.
At a Comittee of Correspondence At a Comittee of Correspondence
Present Present
The fub Governour The Sub Governour
The Deputy Governour The Deputy Governour
M Brooke Mr Brooke
Mr Burrell Mr Burrell
Mr Bowles Mr Bowles
Capt. Jones Capt. Jones
The Comittee considerd the memorial of Mr William Ramsay which The Comittee considerd the memorial of Mr William Ramsay which
was Referd by the Court the 23r Instant praying a Gratuity for his was Referd by the Court the 23r Instant praying a Gratuity for his
Expences and disappointments when he was employ'd under Mr Woodbridge Expences and disappointments when he was employ'd under Mr Woodbridge
as a supra large for the Disposal of Negroes on the Island of Findad as a supra Cargo for the Disposal of Negroes on the Island of Trinidad
and the Windward Coast, in like manner as was allow'd other supra and the Windward Coast, in like manner as was allow'd other Supra
Cargoes on the same fort with himself, Cargoes on the same fort with himself,
And the Committee having examind into the Correspondence relating thereto And the Committee having examind into the Correspondence relating thereto
and particularly with regard to Mr Ramsay, and particularly with regard to Mr Ramsay,
It appears thereby That his Natity was postpon'd until he had It appears thereby That his Gratuity was postpon'd until he had
Accompted for 29 Negroes which he left at St Comingo, which being Accompted for 29 Negroes which he left at St Domingo, which being
long since done and his Accots adjusted with Mr Woodbridge, long since done and his Accots adjusted with Mr Woodbridge,
The Committee are of Opinion he be allowd alratrity provided The Committee are of Opinion he be allowd a Gratuity provided
there has not been any abready allow'd him in his Accompts._ there has not been any abready allow'd him in his Accompts._
Regd in Court Regd in Court
the 30 March 1727 the 30 March 1727
And Agreed to Ws And Agreed to WS
Adjourn'd. Adjourn'd.