To the Kings Most Excellt Majesty
The Court of Derctors of the South Sea Company
acknowledge with the utmost Gratitude their just serve of the many Marks of
Yor Royal Favour continually confer'd upon the Company which Conboldens them
in the Mort humble and dutiful manner to lay before yor Majesty as their Gracious King
and Governour, A State of the Difficulties which the said Company have and do
labour under with respect to their Trade: For redressing whereof & obtaining
such further explanations as may be necessary for Enabling them to carry on
with Treedom the Commerce granted them by the assiento Treaty & Subsequent
Convention, without being subject to the many obstructions they have hithes to
met with from the King of Spain & his officers. The said Court of Directors do most
humbly beseech your Majesty to grant yor Most Gracious. & Powerfull Interporsition
with his Cath: Myjesty at such time as yor Majesty in yor Royal Wisdom shall see
Proper: And that this Company may find the Continuance of yor Rogal
Protection which they shall never fail to acknowledge with the utmort Zeal and
affection. so justly due from the most Faithfull Subjects to the best of Princes.
A State of the Difficulties which the South Sea
Company Labour under, and in which they pray
to be redrees'd.
Whereas upon making the last Peace His Cath: Majesty didgaert Whereas upon making the last Peace His Cath: Majesty did grant
to her Late Majesty 2 Cedulas or Licences dated the 7th day of June 1713 to her Late Majesty 2 Cedulas or Licences dated the 7th day of June 1713
whichwere confitned by Instruments of validation of the 15th day of Sune which were confitned by Instruments of validation of the 15th day of June
1714. each for aship of 5 or 600. tuns to go with Goods and Merchandize, 1714. each for aship of 5 or 600. tuns to go with Goods and Merchandize,
to the Spanish West Indies. One of which Cedulas & Validations was afterwar to the Spanish West Indies. One of which Cedulas & Validations was afterwards
filld filld