Buildings for Security of their Negros Buildings for Security of their Negros
8 Relating to the Treighting or Building Ships at Daname 8. Relating to the Freighting or Building Ships at Panama
or any other Port in the South Seas as the French were allowed
The Company desire That the ships from Affira for 9. The Company desire That the ships from Africa for
Buenos ayres, which shall not have disposed of all their Buenos ayres, which shall not have disposed of all their
Intire Cargor for Purchasing of Negros may be allowed to Intire Cargos for Purchasing of Negros may be allowed to
Carry Such Over pluss to Buenos Ayres, & Deposit the same Carry Such Over pluss to Buenos Ayres, & Deposit the same
in his Cath: Maj. Warchouses And that during theie being in his Cath: Maj. Warehouses And that during their being
there they be under the Keys Fointly of the Royal Officers
& the Comps. Factors and to take them away at their
Departure provided they make Declaration upon Arrival
of the Perticulars of Such Goods
10 Relating to a Liberty of going to the Days 10 Relating to a Liberty of going to the Bays
Campeachy & Honduras to Cut & Load Legwood Campeachy & Honduras to Cut & Load Legwood
For Answer to the said Demands made by his Excats For Answer to the said Demands made by his Excelly
the Marg of MonteLcon and Concerning the Request the Marqs of MonteLcon and Concerning the Request
made by the Comp to his Cath: Maj: the Company made by the Compa to his Cath: Maj: the Company
Crave Leave to say Crave Leave to say
The Countof Dirctory might Chan Lean to Lootpon First. The Court of Dirctors might Crave Leave to Postpone
the Consideration of the Dayment of the 200000 L: 8/ Anteiat the Consideration of the Payment of the 200000 Ps 8/8 Anticipatn
till the other Articles of the Contract are Adjusted. For the till the other Articles of the Contract are Adjusted. For tho
this Stands First in Place yet the 200000 P. & is to be this Stands First in Place yet the 200000 Ps. 8/8 is to be
Understood as an Advance made In Consideration of the Understood as an Advance made In Consideration of the
Grant thereto Annexed vizt The Assients Contract with the Grant thereto Annexed vizt The Assiento Contract with the
additional Article and every Part thereof, which seems additional Article and every Part thereof, which seems
reasonable to be Explained in a Practicable Manner before reasonable to be Explained in a Practicable Manner before
the Payment of the said Anticipation
Besides which they Have already represented Besides which they Have already represented