Youth Sea House 23 March 1714 South Sea House 23 March 1714
Sir Sir
The crenes of Leval Sligs reiged by the south a Company The Owners of Several Ships Freighted by the South Sea Company
for Negroes, making Application to have their Accounts made up & passed for Negroes, making Application to have their Accounts made up & passed
I am ordered by the Court of Directors, to deme you will move the Caut of I am ordered by the Court of Directors, to desire you will move the Court of
Assiscants of the Royal Apsican Company to appaint a Comittee to Assistants of the Royal African Company to appaint a Comittee to
meet one of this Comp. and adjust all matters relating to the Freight meet one of this Compa. and adjust all matters relating to the Freight
of Negroes by Such Ships as went out by vertue of the Agreeu: between of Negroes by Such Ships as went out by vertue of the Agreemt: between
the two Companys. I am the two Companys. I am
Sr. Op very humble Servant Sr. Yor very humble Servant
T.W. J.U.
To Mr Cey To Mr Pery
Io the Right Honbl. Dames Htanhope Esqr. His May To the Right Honbl. James Stanhope Esqr. His Maytys
Principall Secretary of State, Principall Secretary of State,
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company
think themselves obliged Herewith to transmit to yo Honowr think themselves obliged Herewith to transmit to yo Honowr
Copy of a Letter and alsoe the State of 5 Ffrench ships now Copy of a Letter and alsoe the State of 5 Ffrench ships now
Ships derged for bo Cul in the bay of Cadiz shid to be design'd for Latera Cariz in the
Spanish West Indies wth they have just received from Mr Tho Spanish West Indies wth they have just received from Mr Tho
Bowles appointed the Comp. Agent at Madred, Wee shall Bowles appointed the Comp. Agent at Madred, Wee shall
not need represent to yd Honour (who cannot but becalready not need represent to yd Honour (who cannot but becalready
Sensible thereof) How contrary to the Articles of Peace and Sensible thereof) How contrary to the Articles of Peace and
prejudiciall to the Trade of the Nation and purticularly prejudiciall to the Trade of the Nation and purticularly
of this Company the proceeding of those ffrench Ships or of this Company the proceeding of those ffrench Ships or
any of them to La vera Clur will be What wee have hambly
to lay before yor Honour is that wee Conceive the same to to lay before yor Honour is that wee Conceive the same to
be a strong Argument for the Dispatching His Majesty's be a strong Argument for the Dispatching His Majesty's
Ship Elizabeth as soon as She can depart with Safety Ship Elizabeth as soon as She can depart with Safety
Decause Decause