South Sea house 9th Decemr 1718
Mr. Pentrye
Since my last of the 29th Ut arecome to hand yor of 28th
of that Month 2 & 5th Inst By wch We understand the necessary directions have been given
by the Comissr of the lustoms relating to the reshiping the Goods of the George without
paying the Customs at yo Port. We have also reced Letters from Capt. Matthus with an
Account of his Mens Wages &c as also a Letter signed by 22 of his Crew advising tha the
Owners will not give and Security for the Payment of their Wages And praying the
Company will Please to top the freight & Demorage due. Thereare it seems some
other demands upon the owners for refitting the ship at Brezil &t whichawe not yet
drawn out into an account: but We are Promised it P next post, concerning the
whole I am ordered to acquaint you that you use your endeavours with the Capt. & Satlor
to let the Goods be puton board some other ship as directed. And that the Company
will comply with their desire that what freight or demorage shall appear to be due
shall be detained in the Companys hands in order that they may thereout have a
Satisfaction for their demands which is all the Company can do in this lase, and
if after this they will not Pernist the Company's Goods to be reship'd, the Company
will take other measures for getting their Goods and recvering any damages wth
may aurue by their detention. The owners have agreed that what freight or
demorage shall appear to be due shall remain in the Company's hands for the
Satisfaction of the ships Company which please to acquaint thene with and
deliver the inclosed Letter. after you have read it to them I am
Yor Mmotumble terot
D WesconbSeiry
South Seahouse 9th December 1718
Capt Malthus
Since my last of the 29th Ulto are come to hand yor of the
2d & 5th. Instant with Account of yor mens wages & We have also rel a Letter
Signed by 22 of yor men praying the Company to detain what freight or demorage
shall appear due. But as We odersed you formerly that the Company would
comply with this their Request. We apprehend they have not been notify'd with