between the Cowns of Great Britain and Spain. In consequence of which the
Latter Court have cent over the Chevalia Eon to resde here to take care of his cath
Majesty's Interest therein with proper credentials. Exemptions & Priviledge
Wherefore to prevent the Mischeifs and Inconveniences aforesaid and
for the better Protection of the Companys Affairs. The said Court of
Directors do earnestly request That yor Hon will be pleased to represent
this Matter to His Majesty. And most humbly move Hid Majesty) to
give Orders that such Credentials may be given to the Company's said
Agent at Madrid that he may be thereby Prstected from the Insults of
the Priests in his Sleness and the Company's Papers & Effects be sevved
from any Seizure in case of his Decease.
By order of the Court
of Directors
South Sea house
Ja. Bateman Subg
Sam. Shepheard DG
5 Dec 1717
Extract of a Letter from Thomas Bowles
Esqr to the Court of Directors of the South
Sea Company dat 22 November 1717.
In mine of the 23rd August last to Mr. Deputy Govern Saed In mine of the 23rd August last to Mr. Deputy Governr I did
mention that it was my great desire to be admitted and received here with the same mention that it was my great desire to be admitted and received here with the same
credentials Exemptions Priviledges & as DGuill Con is in London, His credentials Exemptions Priviledges & as D Guillme Eon is in London, His
and my Station being Mutatis mutandis all the same for which reason I humbly and my Station being Mutatis mutandis all the same for which reason I humbly
in pray the Honle Court may Depute some Member to pray such Ciedential t: in pray the Honle Court may Depute some Member to pray such Ciedential t:
may be dimiss'd me from the Secretarys Office in the King's name, as his may be dimiss'd me from the Secretarys Office in the King's name, as his
on Assients is a Matter transacted between King & King. so this Court will on Assients is a Matter transacted between King & King. so this Court will
s have no regard to the Powers given by the Company further than to take their s have no regard to the Powers given by the Company further than to take their
money without regard to the Officer and to the Griof of my heart Imuit money without regard to the Officer and to the Griof of my heart Imuit
o now acquaint you that being press'd hard by a Dropsy in my Limbr & Lungs o now acquaint you that being press'd hard by a Dropsy in my Limbr & Lungs
o which has and does endanger my Life. I see my self as all other Protestants o which has and does endanger my Life. I see my self as all other Protestants
" who live here in Publick or Private Capacities. The Kings Minister cxcepted " who live here in Publick or Private Capacities. The Kings Minister cxcepted
n are given up to these Harpys and I in case my distemper still pursues me to n are given up to these Harpys and I in case my distemper still pursues me to
o the Intolerable Perplexities of these Inhumane wretches and the Miniter o the Intolerable Perplexities of these Inhumane wretches and the Miniter
in a paid of Interpasing for fear of the Inquistion, so that should Idie Imust in a paid of Interpasing for fear of the Inquistion, so that should Idie Imust