first of which had onboard 25000 ps 8/8. And the Latter Negroes they had also got
together 2 or 3000 men. And fortify'd themselves in the Island of Providence, from
whence they were continually making excursions in shyps of from 80 to 200 men
each, and their Power increasing every day. This was the only motive which
induced the company to apply to the admiralty for Convoy, there being so apparent
in a necessity for it, notwithstanding what is insinuated in the Secretary's Lre
in that a ship of the Royal Prince's Burthen might comand respect from the Cruizers
of america and as to her taking any of the Royal Princes Provisions whereby
to enable that ship to carry the more Goods. We deny it and are asured no such
thing was Praticed.
And as to the other ship which accompanied her We took that
opportunity of Sending the Sarah Galley as one of the 150 Tun ships allowed by
the assiento to carry naval Stores &c/ that the might secure the soundings for the
Royal Prince on so dangerous a Coast at that time of year of which ship's Lading
and departure from England. We gave you account for the information of the
Council of Indies, in our Letters of the 18th & 31st. July last in Compliance with
the 34th article
And as there were none of the Royal Princes Provisions or stores put
on board either of these ships as is Surmised. We hope you'l be able easily to
obviate the Charge contained in the said Letter, the Company not having the lead
design of Fraud: but strictly to adhere to the Contract.
As to the advices which you say you reced from ladis that the
Diamond man of War carried Goods. We were not in the least Privystoit, but
on the Contrary being very Lealous to Prevent it all We could. We gave special
caution to the Capt. not to do it on any Account whatsoever. And for his
Extraordinary Services in Profecting Our ship We engaged to make him a
Suitable reward at his return. Provided he Comply'd with our orders,
and if he has broke them by carrying Goods We shall Particularly enquire
into it, and not only put a stop to his reward, but make Our Complaints
against him to the admiralty. His order being to follow the Companys
Instructions and only to see the Royal Prince into Port. And if he did carry
any Goods as is reported the king of Spain's Officers were the Proper Persons
to have seized them, and turned the ship out of Harbour, for so long as
any