the notice they had had that Leave was so granted. Wherefore the Company deire
that the said 18th Art of the assiento may be so explained as that they may Seize negroes
Illicitly Introduced without Lease first to be obtained from the President Governor
or any other Person whatsoever.
211 The Company are also adviced that Great Losses & Damages arise to he
Company and the King of Spains duties for that the Scriviners and notaries Publick are
not sufficiently restrained from giving false dispatches for and Bills of Sale of Negroes
which they do not put into the Register:
22 The Royal Coffers at Panama being indebted to the Company 8378p
5 Rls for the amount of saves seized by them at that Place and Portobelo since he
Commencement of the Present assients as appears by the Royal Officers Certificate
transmitted to the Company. The Company's Factors demanded the said Money but
were not paid upon pretence that the said Coffers were in debt. Wherefore the
Company deire that the said money may be made good to them out of the duties
they are to pay to His CM.
23. After the French apsiento was expired and upon advice that the asso.
I was concluded with England. The Fiscal or King's Procurator at Panama
imediately imbarg'd about 70000. ps 8/8. The French had in Cash and put the
same by way of Deposit in the Royal Coffers. They likewise imbarg'd the house,
the French had built for their Negroes valued at about 30000 p 8/8 untill they
Justified they had not Imported any more negroes than they were permited by their
assiento, which embarg'd money & houses this Company's Factors have since
Reimbarg'd in the name of the Royal company of England. They have also
further imbarg'd 5558 ps 8/8 of the said Late French assiento company's money
which are still remaining in the Royal Coffers, at Panama and also 2 slaves and
Several necessaries in the negroe house amounting to about 600 ps 8/8 All which
imbargments made by this Company's Factors as aforesaid were to answer what
the said Late French company are indebted to this company on account of their
Introducing Seizing & indulting negroes during the present assiento. And the
Companys Factors have Petitioned for having the same paid and delivered to
them. But the same has not been Complied with. Autos of all the Proceedings
relating to which Imbargments have been sent to the Company and they have
transmtted the same to their Agent at Madrid And for as much as the French
Companys