In yor. Letter of the 16th. Inst. You advice yor Inteation (agreatle to the Order of the
Comittee of the 1st. Inst.) to enter & pay the Customs for the Goods of the George. If that
be not done before his reache you. You will please to desist till you have further
Directions about it, for the Court have this day applied to the Comrs. of the
Customs for leave to respip them without their being entred at yo Port, but
cannot have an answer till to morrow. To that Imay be able to advise you
thereof by the next Post- I am
Sr Yor most humble Servt
Daniel Wescomb
Mr. Pentyre
South sea house
22th November 1718
Sr yor letter of the 18th Inst. has been reced advising the Denue
made by Captn Malthus to the Delivery of the Cargoe of the George before
payment of his own and the Mens Wages, concerning which the owners have
informed me they wrote of the last Post, which hope will prove Satisfactory.
In mine plast Post I wrote you to desist from Entring the largoe the Court
having applied to the Comrs. of fCeutoms for leave to restrur the same without Entring
at your Port.
I am now to advise you that the Comrs. having refer'd the Companys_
Memorial to the Patent officers, they have made a deport thereupon with wch
the Comrs agreeing their offices will be Instructed accordingly by this Post, copy
of which report therewith send you for yo Government. I must again
recomend to you to take such lase as to the respiping the largoe as that it
may meet with no Damage in Coming round. I am
Dr. Yo most humble Servt Sr. Yo most humble Servt
Daniel Wescomb Daniel Wescomb
Copy of the Report Copy of the Report
As the above case stands represented. We are of opinion that Castt As the above case stands represented. We are of opinion that Castt
Malthus do make a Report of his ships loading at P limouth together Malthus do make a Report of his ships loading at P limouth together
with a special Afdairt thereon particularly setting forth the inability with a special Affidavit thereon particularly setting forth the inability