filed up with yor Majesty's ship the Elizabeth, and to go to vera cruz and the
other Licence & ialidation was filled up with yor Majesty's ship the Bedford and
to go to Carthagena or Sortobelo, which Licenies & validations your Majesty was
graciously pleased to assign to this Company In Tursuance of which last mentioned
Lience, they loaded on board the said shrip Batford avery rich largoe short of the
Tunage granted, & dispatched her for Carthagena in November 1715. Where upon her
Arrival. the Governore & Rloyal officers caused the Goods to be measured by unwarrent
:able Rules, making the same amount to 2117 tuns and 3 of a Tun exclusive
of about 65 Tuns of Fron whichat that Suniture the Factory thought necessary
not to Land: but to send back in the same sip to Samaua and confiscated and
condemned to be imediately sold 1517 Tuns and 3 of atun of the most valuable
part of the said cargee, as exceeding the 600 Tuns granted by the said Luence
Reserving the remaining 60a Tins (as they called it) to His Cath Majesty's
Decision, whether the same should be also conficcated or not and obliged the Com
Factor to give security for answering the value even of that Part which they
Called 600 Tuns. An account of all which injust Proceedings of the said Gov.
& Royal Officers having been transmitted to the Company by their Factors,
The Company humbly represented the same to yor Majsty. By whose
gracious & Powerfull Interposition his Cath: Majesty was Pleased to grant his
Royal Cedula of the 12th day of November 1716. Directing the remeasurement
anther not being prmud of the Beaford's whole largoe. And the same being measured according to the
Rules prescribed by the said Cedula amounted to sio more than 525 Tuns
and 2 of a tun (including the 65. Tuns of Iron which as aforesaid the Factory
aid not Land but sent back to Jamaica (By which may be seen the
Exorbitancy of their first measurement and the Injustice done the Company
in the aforesaid confiscation. And the Company's Goods Hd been actually
sold by the King of Spain's opiers under Colour of the said Confiscation
had not the Company's Jactors given an Excessive sum of money
for Preventon thereof and for obtaining Lease & Time to Appeal to the
Court of Madred. But tho a Remeasurement was granted as aforesaid
yet the officers were not Punishes for such their unjustifiable Proceding
Nor has any Recompence or setifaction been made the Company
for