come into Port and since that the master has hired a good Sloop to
carry his Negroes to Portobelo. So that We shall be obliged to pay duty for
these Negroes
5 March 1716/7
Our Governour has given us for Answer in relation to
our Bonding the Duties. That he will not meddle with it as yet We
have only paid for the 20 Negroes sent to Carthagena P the George
Augustus.
On the 18th arrived Captn Samuel Heartsease in the Kath
Galley with 464 Negroes. The Pilot went on board with Our
Letter to desire him to bring his ship to at the Cays, but as he
broke his Windliss at Jaquine came into the Harbour and told it
was Impossible to Secure his ship at the Cays and that his men
were very Refractory, so that he did not care to go down in the
ship, but would rather hire vessels to carry his Slaves.
7th April 1717 7th April 1717
We observe your Hon. will do what you can to prevent We observe your Honrs. will do what you can to prevent
the Acts passing. And as We have told you the misfortune of yor the Acts passing. And as We have told you the misfortune of yor
Own ships that obliged them to come into Port makes your duty Own ships that obliged them to come into Port makes your duty
i amount to a Large sum which at Present is unpaid save amount to a Large sum which at Present is unpaid save
only £20 and till We hear further from your Honl have only £20 and till We hear further from your Honrs have
resolved to stand their Duns ano even Arrests. if the Governn resolved to stand their Duns and even Arrests. if the Governmt
shall think they ought to use such means to make us comply shall think they ought to use such means to make us comply
rather than part with the money, He belewethe Comrs. will not rather than part with the money, He beleive the Coms. will not
Permit us to ship any more negroes before the duty Permit us to ship any more negroes before the duty
& is paid Down & is paid Down
NB. Notwithstanding the Royal Africa Capt. Toott had leave NB. Notwithstanding the Royal Africa Capt. Foott had leave
as p Letter of 7e February to come into Port to Wood and Water yet as p Letter of 7th February to come into Port to Wood and Water yet
by Letter of this date our agents advise as follows. by Letter of this date our agents advise as follows.
20th July 177 20th July 1717
Since Our last the Government have ordered a Bill Since Our last the Government have ordered a Bill in