Chas Carkess Esqr Chas Carkess Esqr
Pred your Letter of the 22 Just with the Account of Seeral parcls Sir, Pred your Letter of the 22 Just with the Account of Seeral parcls
of Goods which had been run and found a board the Royal George upon making of Goods which had been run and found a board the Royal George upon making
the First Search, which I laid before the Court of Directors who have given Striet the First Search, which I laid before the Court of Directors who have given Strict
charge to their Officers for Preventing any Grounds of Complaint of this Nature charge to their Officers for Preventing any Grounds of Complaint of this Nature
for the future. And in Case any shall be found Guilty they are imediately to be for the future. And in Case any shall be found Guilty they are imediately to be
Dismissd the Companys Service. This d am Ordered to Acquaint you with for the Dismissd the Companys Service. This d am Ordered to Acquaint you with for the
Information Sr of the Comissioners. I am Information of the Comissioners. I am Sr
Yor Most humble Servt. Yor Most humble Servt.
Du DW
South Sea House South Sea House
29 April 1720 29 April 1720
To the S. Hon th Lords Com. To the Rt. Honble the Lords Comrs.
of His Majties Treary of His Majties Treary
May it please your Lordships May it please your Lordships
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company
Humbly defice that your Lordp will be pleased pursuant to an act of Humbly defice that your Lordp will be pleased pursuant to an act of
this Esent Session of Parlm is that behalfe Intitled an act for making this Esent Session of Parlm is that behalfe Intitled an act for making
forth New Exche litts &c to I ssue or Cause to be Issued by Way of Loane forth New Exche litts &c to I ssue or Cause to be Issued by Way of Loane
on advance all the Excheg bitts (not Exceeding one Mekson on advance all the Excheg bitts (not Exceeding one Million in prem
money) prepared or to be prepared by Virtue of the said act ud to Rob money) prepared or to be prepared by Virtue of the said act ud to Rob
Knight Esqr Cashl of the Compt Inhust for the said Comps & ye sd Knight Esqr Cashl of the Compa In trust for the said Comps & ye sd
ourt of Directors do humbly propose that the said Comp will pay ourt of Directors do humbly propose that the said Comp will pay
&atlen for the print Sums contained in Such bills which shall be &atlen for the print Sums contained in Such bills which shall be
Lent or advanced to the sd Company after therate of 4 PCt Pannam Lent or advanced to the sd Company after therate of 4 PCt Pannam
and repay y in the to said the Company redt of his Majr and y the said Company repay in to the redt of his Majr
Exq the Principall Sum togather with Interest as afor alt End Exq the Principall Sum joint togather with Interest as afor alt End
of 1 year from the borrowing thereof & the sd Comps are ready to give of 1 year from the borrowing thereof & the sd Comps are ready to give
Such Security for repaymt of the same prin & Interest accordingly Such Security for repaymt of the same prin & Interest accordingly
as in & by the sd Act is prescrbed as in & by the sd Act is prescrbed
which is humbly Submitted which is humbly Submitted
By order of the Curt of Director By order of the Court of Directors
DW DW
Anthalea Honse South Sea House
2 Junl 1720 2 June 1720