which should by the Company besold out of veraliug, which duty amounts to a very which should by the Company besold out of vera cruz, which duty amounts to a very
great sum. And the Companys Factors were obliged to give bond to pay the same in case great sum. And the Companys Factors were obliged to give bond to pay the same in case
the Court of Madrid shall not think proper to give relef therein, concerning which the Court of Madrid shall not think proper to give relef therein, concerning which
Autor having been transmitted to the Court of Madred. And the Company's agent there _ Autor having been transmitted to the Court of Madred. And the Company's agent there _
having by their Direction made several applications for Reduss. They have been so far having by their Direction made several applications for Reduss. They have been so far
from grenting the same that instead thereof and without giving notice to the from grenting the same that instead thereof and without giving notice to the
Company or giving them a hearing thereon His CM. was pleased to send a ledula Company or giving them a hearing thereon His CM. was pleased to send a Cedula
dated the 22td. day of January 1717 directly to Vera Cruz whereby he has decreed dated the 22td. day of January 1717 directly to Vera Cruz whereby he has decreed
that Aleavalar shall be paid on all the Company's Goods which shall be sold out that Aleavalar shall be paid on all the Company's Goods which shall be sold out
ofveralry. This Imposition ty the said Cedula also extends to the Goods by the Comp. ofveralry. This Imposition ty the said Cedula also extends to the Goods by the Comp.
Annuel ship which shall be sent to vera lauz. Notwithstanding by the 42 art of the Annuel ship which shall be sent to vera lauz. Notwithstanding by the 42 art of the
asients. It is expressly sipulated that they are to be free of all Duties in the asients. It is expressly sipulated that they are to be free of all Duties in the
Indies. Indies.
3 And whereas by the 12 Art of the Assento Treaty His CM was pleased 3 And whereas by the 12 Art of the Assento Treaty His CM was pleased
to grant to this Company the Liberty of Sending every year to the Indie duriy to grant to this Company the Liberty of Sending every year to the Indie duriy
the Term of 30 years therein mentioned a Ship of 500 Tuns upon condition the Term of 30 years therein mentioned a Ship of 500 Tuns upon condition
that the Merchandize with which the said ship should be Laden should not be that the Merchandize with which the said ship should be Laden should not be
sold. But only at the time of the Fair. And by a Subsequent Treaty brlawention sold. But only at the time of the Fair. And by a Subsequent Treaty brlawention
entred into between yor Majesty & His CMdated 26th day of May 1717 His Cn entred into between yor Majesty & His CMdated 26th day of May 1717 His Cn
has been pleased ] in consideration that the Company had not enjoyed the liberty has been pleased ] in consideration that the Company had not enjoyed the liberty
for the first 3 years to send the said Annual ship of 500 kins] To compensate the for the first 3 years to send the said Annual ship of 500 kins] To compensate the
same by granting them for 10 years comencing from the year 1717. inclusive same by granting them for 10 years comencing from the year 1717. inclusive
askip of 650 Suns in Lieu of the said ship of 500 Tims for the said 10 years, and askip of 650 Suns in Lieu of the said ship of 500 Tims for the said 10 years, and
his CM was further pleased by the said last meationed Treaty or Convention his CM was further pleased by the said last meationed Treaty or Convention
to declare that there shall be Fais regularly kept every year in Pern to declare that there shall be Fairs regularly kept every year in Pern
or in New Spain, And that advice shall be given to the Court of England of or in New Spain, And that advice shall be given to the Court of England of
the Precise time in which the Plota or Galeons shall depart for the Indies the Precise time in which the Plota or Galeons shall depart for the Indies
that the Company may at the same time ttte their ship, to depart, and that the Company may at the same time ttte their ship, to depart, and
that in case the Flota or Galions shall not be Departed from ladiz in all that in case the Flota or Galions shall not be Departed from ladiz in all
the month of Timne. It shall be Permited to the Company to cause their ship the month of Timne. It shall be Permited to the Company to cause their ship
to depart giving advice of the day of it's Departure to the Court of Madried to depart giving advice of the day of it's Departure to the Court of Madried
Or Or