or to the Minister of His CM: who shall be in London, And being arrived at
one of the 3 Forts of Carthagena, Portobelo or Veralruz, She shall be obliged to
Hay there for the Flota or Gallions 4 Months, to begin from the day of the anial
of the said ships, And when that time is Expied It shall be Permitted to the
Company to sell their Merchandize without any Obstaile. In Pursuance
of which Treatus the Company aid the last year bured on Purpose & send to
Veralrur a ship with Goods & Merchandize. And have also built another
for the present year, And for that Purpose have provided a largoe proper for
Carthagena and Portobels of about ₤300,000 value. The greatest part
whereof has been loaded on board. And they were rady with the remainder
in order to diepatch her at the end of the month of Tune pursuant to the said
Convention; But the Chevalice Con Hy CM Director for the affairs of the
assiento, after the entire Cargoe was Provided, and in great part Loaded as
aforesaid did on the 5th day of June last lay before the Court of Directors of
the said Company a Letter which he had reced from Dr Joseph Rodngs Seiry
of State to Hi em: dated 26th day of May last for Suspending the Departure of he
Companys Annual ship for this year, which Order of His CM. is directly
contrary to the aforesaid Convention concluded with your Majesty and theeby
the Company must mentably be very great sufferers by the Decay of their
Goods (They being cheifly of the Woollen Mansfactures of this Kingdom and
consequently very Liable to the Moth & other Vermin) by the charges of Whichaue
room. Loss of he Interest of their moneys, the Charges they have been at in
Building manning Victualling & Eqnigning the said ship, she being ift
for any other Trade. And by many mne Pernicions Consequences which
do attend the same.
4. Whereas his Cm. by his cedula of he 21th day of May last pounded upon
the 36 Art of the Assiento did grant premission to the Company to send a shyp of 300
Tuns to the Islands of the lanaries to take out a Register of Tutes to be transported
to the Incties, paying the Established dutiee and in the form according to what wes
granted to Dr Bernardo Marin & Company of Portugal, as is Provided in their
Contract. Whereupon the Company have sent askip to the Cananes to take
in such Trutar in order to be tranported to the Indies: But the austom house
offier