for the Damage & Injustice done them: Beside which the said Govern: & Rogal for the Damage & Injustice done them: Beside which the said Govern: & Rogal
officers at Carhagena dis also pxtend that the Licence for the Bedford being filled upas officers at Carhagena dis also pxtend that the Licence for the Bedford being filled upas
On Postobelo the whole Cargoe was to be dipored of only at carhagena On Postobelo the whole Cargoe was to be dipored of only at carhagena
consigned to Carthagena, me strp coming first mither. and would not fermit any part consigned to Carthagena, me strp coming first mither. and would not fermit any part
of it to be sent to bostobelo. Whereas the lompany always understood that by the of it to be sent to bostobelo. Whereas the lompany always understood that by the
Qrcence they had full Power to sell such Part of the largoe as they thought fit at Casthe Qrcence they had full Power to sell such Part of the largoe as they thought fit at Casthe
and the rest at Portols, at which last place they proposed to sell the greatest part of the and the rest at Portols, at which last place they proposed to sell the greatest part of the
Cargoe. And accordingly had provided the Greatest part for those Provinces which Cargoe. And accordingly had provided the Greatest part for those Provinces which
are Supply'd from Sanama, and the Lesser part for the Provinces which are are Supply'd from Sanama, and the Lesser part for the Provinces which are
Supply'd from Carthagena: And the the rforesaid Licence was filled up for Supply'd from Carthagena: And the the rforesaid Licence was filled up for
Carthagene or Portobelo; yet the Company conceived the word Or to be Carthagene or Portobelo; yet the Company conceived the word Or to be
Synomimous to And. and that it had respect to the Course the Galcon Synomimous to And. and that it had respect to the Course the Galcon
always took. All the world knowing that the Galcons which made their always took. All the world knowing that the Galcons which made their
Tair at Postobels did constantly go first to Carthagina, And in the Delarton Fair at Postobelo did constantly go first to Carthagena, And in the Delarton
given to Sr. Patrick Lawless His Cm. Minister then at this Court. By the then given to Sr. Patrick Lawless His Cm. Minister then at this Court. By the then
Secretary of state concerning the filling up the Licence for the Bexford. It is Secretary of state concerning the filling up the Licence for the Bexford. It is
expressed that the said Lrience was filled up for Casthagena & Portobelo, To that expressed that the said Lrience was filled up for Casthagena & Portobelo, To that
the Company did not doubt but that the true intent & meaying of the Licence was the Company did not doubt but that the true intent & meaying of the Licence was
That the Bedford might Land any part of her largoe at Carthagina and Procced That the Bedford might Land any part of her largoe at Carthagina and Procced
with the rest to Portobelo. To that not withstanding the Goods were discharged from with the rest to Portobelo. To that not withstanding the Goods were discharged from
the oforesaid Confication, upon their bring remeasured according to the King of the oforesaid Confication, upon their bring remeasured according to the King of
Spains aforesaid Cedula. yet the Company have hither to had but little benept from Spains aforesaid Cedula. yet the Company have hither to had but little benept from
such Releasement. The greate t part of the largoe which as aforesaid was such Releasement. The greate t part of the largoe which as aforesaid was
Provided for Portobelo not having been permitted to be larried thither until huem= Provided for Portobelo not having been permitted to be larried thither until huem=
was pleased to grant his Royal Cedula for that Purpose, which was not obtained was pleased to grant his Royal Cedula for that Purpose, which was not obtained
till December last, Since which the same has been transmitted to the Companys Factar till December last, Since which the same has been transmitted to the Companys Factar
In order to be put in Execution. In order to be put in Execution.
2. And as for the Esz. the other Lienceships which went to Verelm 2. And as for the Eliza. the other Lience ships which went to Vera Cruz
notwrths tanding his Cm aforesaid Lience and the validation hereof Specifys that notwithstanding his CMs aforesaid Licence and the validation hereof Specifys that
her large might be Landed, Sold t Traded with Treely without paying any hond her large might be Landed, Sold t Traded with Treely without paying any hond
of Duties in the Infic, with which his em. did for that time dispense, on londition of Duties in the Indies, with which his CM. did for that time dispense, on Condition
that upon all the crofits & Gain which should be made on the said Goods £10 pet that upon all the crofits & Gain which should be made on the said Goods £10 pet
should be paid to his Cm. Nevertheless there has been demanded by the King of pains should be paid to his Cm. Nevertheless there has been demanded by the King of pains
ofcers in the said Port of veraling. An alcavale on all the Goods of the said ship ofcers in the said Port of veraling. An alcavale on all the Goods of the said ship
which which