Oficers would not sufce the same to be Laded unles he lompany's agent would pay
p Cent lustom, not withstanding the several Potests he made, and also proved ever
by the Custom house Books that in the year 1697. f Portaguese Assiento lompany paid
no more than 22 pt and this Company ace by the 39th. Act. intitled to all the
Priiledge & advantages which former Assientists enjoyed. And all that the
Company's Agent could obtain was an allowance of 5 Mos time for the Payment of
the 42 flent indipute part of the said 7oCt upon giving Security to abide the
King of Spains Determination to be made within that time.
5 There has been likewise a Demand made at the Canaries of 7/2 Ryals
& fun upon the said ship on account of the Seminary of Mairince in Sevitle upon
which a Low suit comenced and the company's agent has been decreed to deposit the
same untill his CMm: & Council of Indies shall determine the same.
6 Furthermore by the 2d. Art of the Assiento. It is agreed that in the duties
thereby Stipulated to be paid by the Company for the negroes shall be Comprehended
all and all manner of duties of alcavala or any other duties whatsoever of
Importation or Regalia yet notwithstanding on a reselling by the Buyers all
alcavala of 4ps 8/8 P head has been demanded and reced, and such Negroes as go
for Peru (when disembarked in Paito or Lima) Pay about 10 p Ct. This the
Company Conceive to be contrary to the said 2d article of the Assiento, And tho' the
said Alcavala's are not directly paid by the Company, yet it affects them. the
Buyers considering that duty in the Price and paying so much less for the Negroes
the same being usually sold in parcels.
7. Notwithstanding by the 18 art of the assiento. It is Stipulated
that during the Continuance thereof. It shall not be Lawfull for any other
Persons than the present assientists to Introduce Negroes into the Spanish West
Indies, yet the Company are assured. That there have been Introduced into
Peru since the Comencement of this assiento upwards of 3000 Negroes
Clandestinely. and that most of them had been marked by the Royal office
and gone up with their Dispatches, by which means they pass as if they
had been Legally Imported; And it is rendred impossible for the Company