And the Company always understood, That as the Negro Trade and Annual Ship And the Company always understood, That as the Negro Trade and Annual Ship
were both granted, by one and the same Treaty, And the latter was in aid to the were both granted, by one and the same Treaty, And the latter was in aid to the
former, to satisfy for losses by the Negro Trade, All the privileages granted in former, to satisfy for losses by the Negro Trade, All the privileages granted in
respect to the Negro Trade likewise attended the Annual Ship as the Comps have respect to the Negro Trade likewise attended the Annual Ship as the Compa have
hither to Enjoyed, and were it otherwise the Carrying on the Trade of the Annual hither to Enjoyed, and were it otherwise the Carrying on the Trade of the Annual
Ship would be Impracticable. Ship would be Impracticable.
The Court of Directors therefore hope my Lord That if any The Court of Directors therefore hope my Lord That if any
uichor the like pretences should be raisd, As a Reason for delaying their Agreing such or the like pretences should be raisd, As a Reason for delaying their Agreing
to the Preliminary Articles, And Restoring the Assiento Comp to the Enjoy to the Preliminary Articles, And Restoring the Assiento Compa to the Enjoy
fment of their Trade as heretofore, Your Grace will be able to Convince them- -ment of their Trade as heretofore, Your Grace will be able to Convince them-
that even supposing the Case to be as they would insinuate, They have not that even supposing the Case to be as they would insinuate, They have not
the least cause to Retain any of the Companys Ships or Effects on such the least cause to Retain any of the Companys Ships or Effects on such
Account, or to Obstruct the Course of the Companys Trade in Virtue of the Account, or to Obstruct the Course of the Companys Trade in Virtue of the
Treatys Treatys
By Order of the Court of Directors of the By Order of the Court of Directors of the
South Sea Company South Sea Company
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
25th October 1727 25th October 1727
May it please your Grace May it please your Grace
One Mr Kagg a Considerable Mercht of this City One Mr Ragg a Considerable Mercht of this City
having been so kind as to bring to the Court of Directors of the South Sea Comp having been so kind as to bring to the Court of Directors of the South Sea Comp
Extract of a Letter wth he lately received from South Carolina concerning the Extract of a Letter wch he lately received from South Carolina concerning the
Seizure & Confiscation of all English Effects at La Vera Cruz; By their order Seizure & Confiscation of all English Effects at La Vera Cruz; By their order
I humbly transmit a Copy to Your Grace and am with the greatest I humbly transmit a Copy to Your Grace and am with the greatest
deference. deference.
Your Graces Your Graces
Most Obedient & most faithfull Most Obedient & most faithfull
humble Servant. humble Servant.
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
18th Novemr 1787 18th Novemr 1727