(29
Comander of the
Roy.l George
Capt.^n Davison 
The Court being met this day, and informed that you are not sailed from
Gravesend
to procede on 
his voy.^a forthwith 
ordered me to acquiant you therewith. And to tell you, that they expect you will not lose
the least time; but Proceed imediately for the Downes, and prosecute your Voyage
according to yo.^r Intructions 
I am
Yor Most humble Serv Yo.^r Most humble Serv.^r
south seahouse South Sea house
D Wescomb D Wescomb
5th Oct. 1721 5.^th Oct: 1721.
M. Harcer M.^r Warren
S^r
The enclosed packett I desire Youll please to The inclosed packett I desire You'll please to
Convey to Mr Swaetz, One of the Companys Officers who I presume still Convey to M.^r Swaetz, One of the Company's Officers who I presume still
alacquet to dd.^r a Paequet
Swartz to M.^r Swartz
waits for the Royal Georges coming into the Downes but if the Ship waits for the Royal George's coming into the Downes but if the Ship
should be arrived and he on board that youll send it to him it being on should be arrived and he on board that you'll send it to him it being on
the South Sea Companys Account I am the South Sea Company's Account I am
Yor most humble Servt Yo.^r most humble Serv.^t
South Sea house South Sea house
13 Octr. 1721 D 13.^th Oct.^r 1721 D
DWescomb D Wescomb
Sir Sir
Yfour Letter of the 10 Instant Enclosing a Memorrial of Brand Your Letter of the 10 Instant Enclosing a Memorrial of Brand
Henry Schilden Esqr and other papers relating to Lottery Annuities which he was Henry Schilden Esq.^r and other papers relating to Lottery Annuities which he was
possessd of and signifying the Desire of the Rt Honole the Lords Comissrs of his Mats possess of and signifying the Desire of the R.^t Hono.^ble the Lords Comiss.^rs of his Ma.^ts
treary that the lase may be examind and a state of the same Reported to their Lords treary that the Case may be examind and a state of the same Reported to their Lordp.^s
nuites of Commnuites of
Having been laid before the Court of Directors of ye S. s Company and an Examination Having been laid before the Court of Directors of y.^e S.S Company and an Examination
and henry Brand henry
made thereupon, I am by their order to acquaint you for the Information of their Lords made thereupon, I am by their order to acquaint you for the Information of their Lordp.^s
ilden Esqr schilden Esq.^r
that it appears by ye Companys Leidger folio 253, that £3160 Lottery Ann was subseribed that it appears by y.^e Companys Leidger folio 253, that £3160 Lottery Ann was subseribed
ore Subscribed, and were Subscribed, and
by the name of Brand Henry schilden, and that there is carried to his Accompt in te said by the name of Brand Henry schilden, and that there is carried to his Accompt in y.^e said
producecarried to produce carried to
Anonpt. is accompt.
Sedger Leidger. . . .
£869-- Stock £869-- Stock
To wch is added (being £33.6. o plent) to bring y Annuities to t30op lent. 289 134 To w.^ch is added (being £33.6. 8 p lent) to bring y.^e annuities to t300p lent. 289. 13.4
making then in stock making then in stock . . . . . . . . .  . . . .  .
£1158:13:4 £1158:13:4
And to this Sum is Added (being the last Addr Stock of £33:6:8 Plent) And to this Sum is Added (being the last Add.^r Stock of £33:6:8 Plent)
386:4:5 £ 386:4:5
Which makes the whole sum for ye said Annuity Subscribed as aforesaid £1544:17:2 Which makes the whole sum for y.^e said Annuity Subscribed as aforesaid £1544:17:9
And whereas it is mentiond in your Letter that the said Annuity &os not appear to be And whereas it is mentiond in your Letter that the said Annuity do's not appear to be
Entred in the Duplicate of the subscription Book Returnd into the Treasury, the same is Entred in the Duplicate of the subscription Book Return'd into the Treasury, the same is -
Conceivd Conceiv'd