Sir Sir
Your leter of the 24th past requring more eract Vouchers of the Your leter of the 24th past requring more exact Vouchers of the
Particulars of the 4 Articles mentioned in the South Sea Companys Memorae Particulars of the 4 Articles mentioned in the South Sea Companys Memorial
allowing the Extraordinary Charges arising by the late Subscriptione have allowing the Extraordinary Charges arising by the late Subscriptions have
Communicated to the Directors of the said Comp. By whom I am orderd to Communicated to the Directors of the said Comp. By whom I am orderd to
requaint you for the Information of the Dr. Homl. the Lords of the Teanuar acquaint you for the Information of the Dr. Hon. ^ ble the Lords of the Treasury
that as to the first Article of 500 for House Rent the Necessity of the Thing that as to the first Article of 500^£ for House Rent the Necessity of the Thing
required so much hast and Expedition That the Company was forced to bey required so much hast and Expedition That the Company was forced to buy
House wherein the Subscriptions were taken which cost them 10,600 bene House wherein the Subscriptions were taken which cost them 10,600^£  beside
more than 2000 to make them fit, the bare Interest whereof is more than soo more than 2000^£ to make them fit, the bare Interest whereof is more than 500^£
Annum and the Houses so old that they must be Rebuilt or be unfit forther Annum and the Houses so old that they must be Rebuilt or be unfit for there
Service, Wherefore they hope their Lords will be of Opinion that the Allena Service, Wherefore they hope their Lords will be of Opinion that the [Alleman]
so craved is not unreasonable. so craved is not unreasonable.
As to the Article paid Clerkes at the Bank 500 that was a sume As to the Article paid Clerks at the Bank 500^£ that was a sum
and Bonafide paid their Clerks for their Assistance and Expedition in manar and Bonafide paid their Clerks for their Assistance and Expedition in making
the Subscriptions the Subscriptions.
As to the other contingent Charges Called Mr. Safford Dten As to the other contingent Charges Called Mr. Safford [ ]
being 500 they consist of sundry Disbursements of Charge from time to him being 500^£ they consist of sundry Disbursements of Charge from time to time
Charged in his Book for Subscriptions with many Vouchers which were allone Charged in his Book for Subscriptions with many Vouchers which were allowed
and paid him in Accot by the Directors and paid him in Acco.^t by the Directors
And as to the Sollicitors Disbursements 300 So much was pat And as to the Sollicitor's, Disbursements 300^£ So much was paid
for adiising with Council drawing Cases relating to the Subscriptions, w for advising with Council drawing Cases relating to the Subscriptions, 
Hen Kebsall Hen Kebsall
Pains in attending the Managers and others This they hope will be to pe Pains in attending the Managers and others This they hope will be to [ ]
Esqr Esqr
Satisfaction I am Satisfaction I am
To, To,
Your most humble Sert Your most humble Sert
Youth Sea House Youth Sea House
8 Aug. 1723 8 Aug. 1723
2sc0 [ ]
D Wescomb Dr. Wescomb