207 232
ir Sir
The Comitteehaving o bsered in your Examination, that you refer The Comittee having observ'd in your Examination, that you refer
to letters that pass'd between your self and Admiral Hosier) when at Bastimentos, to letters that pass'd between your self and Admiral Hosier when at Bastimentos,
Desire you will send me the Copys of those you wrote to him, and his original Desire you will send me the Copys of those you wrote to him, and his original
Answers, In order that the Crcumstances of your warting for Convoy Answers, In order that the Circumstances of your waiting for Convoy
may the better appear. D may the better appear. 
Sam I am
Mr Dumptade Mr Bumpstad Esq^r
AJors Mosthumble servant Fr Yo^r  Most humble servant
2s Sept 1727. 2[0] Sept 1727.
D.M D.W
Mr Ulber Mr Ulber
The Comr takingn the my or Exminaeton thatyar say The Com^ees taking notice in your Examination that you say
you have An Accot of the marks & numbers on the Goods Taken in at you have An Acco^t of the marks & numbers on the Goods Taken in at
St Stophers, Orderme to acquaint you that they woud have you send it the St Stophers, Orderme to acquaint you that they wou'd have you send  them
those Marks & numbers, as soon as conveniently you can after rect hereof those Marks & numbers, as soon as conveniently you can after rec^t hereof
Lyme house. Lyme house.
22 Sept 1727 22 Sept 1727
I am I am
Dr humble sorvt Yo^r humble serv^t
W.J. W.J.
To the Kings Most Excellent Majesty in Council To the Kings Most Excellent Majesty in Council
May it please Your Majesty May it please Your Majesty
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company most humbly The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company most Humbly
crave Leave to Represent, That by an Order of Yor Majesty in Council of the crave Leave to Represent, That by an Order of Yo^r Majesty in Council of the
5th of Augt last made upon reading a Report from the Rt. Howl the Lords of the 5^th of Aug^t last made upon reading a Report from the Rt. Hon^ble His Lords of the
Comnce of Council upon the Drafts of a Comission & Instructions for Major Comce of Council upon the Drafts of a Comission & Instructions for Major
Genl Hunter appointed Yor Majr Gov of the Island of Jamaica Your Gen^l Hunter appointed Yo^r Maj^tys Gov^r of the Island of Jamaica, Your
Majesty was thereupon pleased to direct that the 22 Art in that Draft Majesty was thereupon pleased to direct that the 22 art in that Draft
of Instructions concerning the Government of the sd. Island wt relates of Instructions concerning the Government of the sd. Island w^ch relates
to the passing of Laws for laying Dutys on the Importation and to the passing of Laws for buying Dutys on the Importation and
Exportn Exports.