the last General Court, taken into Consideration what Releef may be Proper to give to the the last General Court, taken into Consideration what Releif may be Proper to give to the
Proprietors of the sebts and Long & Short annuites taken in on the last Subscriptions. And Proprietors of the  redeemable Debts and Long & Short annuites taken in on the last Subscriptions. And
also to the Prop. of the 3d & 4th Money Subscriptions and are come to the following Resoluta also to the Prop^rs. of the 3d & 4th Money Subscriptions and are come to the following Resolutions
which they now lay before you for yor Consideration Vi- which they now lay before you for yo^r Consideration Viz^t
To allow to the Prop of the Redeemable which have been Subscribed in the said Last To allow to the Prop of the Redeemable which have been Subscribed in the said Last
Subscriptions. The like Terms as are abovementioned to be allowed to the Bank or Subscriptions. The like Terms as are above mentioned to be allowed to the Bank or
That the same be taken in at Par being 100 for each 100 Principal Money of those That the same be taken in at Par being 100 for each 100 Principal Money of those
Debts, and that ye Prop. of those Debts be Intitled to the Inteeest due thereon the 29th Inst Debts, and that ye Prop. of those Debts be Intitled to the Interest due thereon the 29th Inst
and be paid for the Principal Sume in the Stock of the Company at the rate of 400 pb. and be paid for the Principal Sums in the Stock of the Company at the rate of 400 pb.
and an addition of 10 plent in Stock for the last Midsmt. Durdend and an addition odf 10 Cent in Stock for the last [ Midsmt ]. Dividend
Recolved ne Resolved ne
Shat this Court doth Agree with the Court of Dieectors in their Resolution for That this Court doth Agree with the Court of Dieectors in their Resolution for
Releiving the Proprietors of the Redeemable Debts and Long & Short Annustis taken in Releiving the Proprietors of the Redeemable Debts and Long & Short Ammunities taken in
on the last Subscriptions. on the last Subscriptions.
Resolved ne Resolved ne
That this Company ooth agree with the Court of Directors in their said Agreemen That this Company doth agree with the Court of Directors in their said Agreement
made with the Bank of England. made with the Bank of England.
At a General Court Thursday 9th March 1720 At a General Court Thursday 9th March 1720
Recolved nc. Resolved nc.
That no more money than what is Actually paid on the s Money Subsiription That no more money than what is Actually paid on the s Money Subscription
shall be demanded or Insisted on shall be demanded or Insisted on
Resolved he Resolved he
That Stock be given for the Money actually paid by the Respective Proprietors That Stock be given for the Money actually paid by the Respective Proprietors
in the 1st & 2d Money Subsctiptions Vir in the 1st & 2d Money Subsctiptions Vir
Onthe 1st ot 300 p Co. with the midsumt Purdtend of 10 fC in Stock Onthe 1st ot 300 p Co. with the midsumt Purdtend of 10 fC in Stock
On the 2d at 100 P C: with the like Diidend On the 2d at 100 P C: with the like Diidend
And that ye Receipts be Cauld in and Stock forthwith trainfer'd to ye Proprictoy And that ye Receipts be Cauld in and Stock forthwith trainfer'd to ye Proprictoy
accordingly accordingly
At a General Couet. 18 March 70 At a General Couet. 18 March 70
Resolved NC Resolved NC
the the
That Stock be forthwith given for the Money paid on the 3d 24. Sitbeirge That Stock be forthwith given for the Money paid on the 3d 24. Sitbeirge
at the rate of 400. HC with the Midsumt Dividend of 10 P Cent in Stock at the rate of 400. HC with the Midsumt Dividend of 10 P Cent in Stock
What is herein before Contained relating to the Redeimabley What is herein before Contained relating to the Redeemable
Subscribed into the Louth Sea Company and the Several money Subscribed into the South Sea Company and the Several money
Subscriptions is a true Extract from the Minutes of the General Subscriptions is a true Extract from the Minutes of the General
Courts of the South Sea Company Courts of the South Sea Company
South Seghouse South Seghouse
DWescomb Secry D Wescomb Sec^ry
B . B .