Sir, Sir,
Mr Rigby having given Security conformable to the Orders Mr Rigby having given Security conformable to the Orders
of the Court, And the Court Taking Notice that none has been given of the Court, And the Court Taking Notice that none has been given
on the part of Mr Pratter who is acting in the Companys Service on the part of Mr Pratter who is acting in the Companys Service
Janaica Agents Jamaica Agents.
I am orderd to acquaint you therewith and to desire You will attend I am orderd to acquaint you therewith and to desire You will attend
the Court of Directors on Thursday next, it being thought necessary the Court of Directors on Thursday next, it being thought necessary
Serle Esq Mr. Nighy should be forthwith Dispatchd I am Serle Esq^e  M^r. Rigby should be forthwith Dispatchd I am
25th Augt 172/ 25^th Aug^st 1722/
Yor most humble Servt Yo^r most humble Serv^t
W W.S.
Thompson The like was sent to Coll Thompson at Cowley near Reading Coll^o Thompson The like was sent to Coll^o Thompson at Cowley near Reading D^o Die
in Berks in Berks
the Messenger to carry to the past house Do the Messenger to carry to the past house
Sir, Sir,
The Court of Directors of the South sea Company not hearing from Your The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company not hearing from Your
Self or Coll Thompson, to whom I also wrote, In answer to my seccer of the 25th Self or Coll^o Thompson, to whom I also wrote, In answer to my Letter of the 25^th
Instant. They direct me to send you Copy of their Minute made this Day, which Instant They direct me to send you Copy of their Minute made this Day, which
de Court Book (Vide Court Book)
You have underneath You have underneath
Serle Esqr Serle Esq^e
I am I am
South Seahouse London South Sea house London
Sr Sr
Yor most humble Servant Yo^r most humble Servant
30 Augt 1782 30^th  Aug^st 1722
WS. W.S.
See ye office Sec^rys the office
Coll Thompson Coll^o Thompson
The like to Coll Thompson with the same Minute of this date The like to Coll^o Thompson with the same Minute of this date
5. 4 do drip
the 2 be dd to ye Messnger on Jrdy y 31 pws the 2 Lres dd to the Messenger on Friday the 31^th pws
for Sir
The Committee fall the morning upon the subject of the Reservations, And are The Committee fall the morning upon the Subject of the Reservations, And are
come to an Opinion to Apply for Obtaining the Grant of the same, and to make such Satisfaction to ye come to an Opinion to Apply for Obtaining the Grant of the same, and to make such Satisfaction to the
Offices and persons Concernd as shall upon Mapure Ocliberation be found just and reasonable, But they Offices and persons Concernd as shall upon Mature Ocliberation be found just and reasonable, But they
Esercons Reservctions
would not have this Reported to the Court till they have seen you and Discoursed You upon yhe Matter would not have this Reported to the Court till they have seen you and Discoursed You upon the Matter
They dine together to morrow at 3 a clock at Pontacs and should be glad of your Company, and desire They dine together to morrow at 3 a clock at Pontaes and should be glad of your Company, and desire
you to bring with you his C. Mr Original Assignment of the Reservations together with such papers as you to bring with you his C. M. Original Assignment of the Reservations together with such papers, as
may Satify the Comittee that they are deposited in your hands in Trust, for the purposes you mention in may Satify the Comittee that they are deposited in your hands in Trust, for the purposes you mention in
your Memorial, being desironsto bring this Matter to as speedy an Ifue as possille. This Iam your Memorial, being desirons to bring this Matter to as speedy an Issue as possible. This I am
ofther Morelgr Arthur Moore Esq^e
order'd to signify to you order'd to signify to you
I am I am
Yor most humble Servant Yo^r most humble Servant
St. Seehouse S^o . Sea House
29 Aug 1722 29: Aug 1722./
D. Wesedmb D. Wescomb