Sir Sir
I have comimented your letter to the Gentlemen of the Direction I have comunicated your letter to the Gentlemen of the Direction
who sem surpris'd at your stopping part of the Companys Money on accot of the whoseem surpris'd at your stopping part of the Companys Money on acco^t of the
breight, and they now write Capt Stratton the necessary directions thereupon Freight, and they now write Cap^t Stratton the necessary directions thereupon
Hhnlinston Capt Girlingtons 
6 Junc 1727. 6 June 1727.
Iam Iam
pkinsale Ship Kinsale 
W mort humble Servt yo^r. most  humble Serv^t
DW DW
Capt Sratton Cap^t Stratton
Sr Sr
Tcomunicated Capt Gertingtons Letter to the Gentlemen of the I comunicated Cap^t Girlingtons Letter, to the Gentlemen of the
Direction By whose Order sum to acquaint you To make a Demand of the Direction By whose Order i am to acquaint you To make a Demand of the
whole Money_ And if the Captain dos not think fit to Comply, You are not to whole Money_ And if the Captain dos not think fit to Comply, You are not to
Deliver up his Bill of Lading, but either to give him a Seperate Rect for what Deliver up his Bill of Lading, but either to give him a Seperate Rec^t. for what
you receive, or Indorse it on the back of the Bill of Lading as he shall desire. you receive, or Indorse it on the back of the Bill of Lading as he shall desire.
2 S^r
I am I am
6o June1797. 6 June1727.
Wr morthu bst Yo^r most humble serv^t
D.W. D.W.
Sr Sir
Inobedience to anorder of a Committee, Iam to desire you to deliver In obedience to an order of a Committee, Iam to desire you to deliver
to me, all Books Papers and Accompts in your Possession, or which you can come ato to me, all Books Papers and Accompts in your Possession, or which you can come at
relating to the Disposition of the Royal Georges Cargo, and the Condemnation of the relating to the Disposition of the Royal George's Cargo, and the Condemnation of the
Ship, and in general all other Books Papers & Accompts relating to the Company Ship, and in general all other Books Papers & Accompts relating to the Company
I am I am
Ampted 9 Ampted 9
12 June 1727 12 June 1727
Sir, Sir,
Yor morthumble servant Yor most humble servant
peacealso to and ine the Rooks of ye Fectory please also to send me the Books of ye Factory
D.W D.W
Ansu Ditto. X 22. D. Answ^d Ditto. & 22. D.
The tike Letter to Mr Canham the same day Deauy top s The like Letter to Mr Canham the same day. (except ye p:S.) 
Sor Sir
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company having The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company having
Burckty Jos^h Burchett
Orderd their Soof Assients Nathaneel Uring Master forthwth to proceed Orderd their Sloop Assiento Nathaniel Uring Master forthw^th to proceed
for Saml They desire you will please to move the Rt Howl the Lords Com for i am. They desire you will please to move the R^e. Hon^ble the Lords Com^r
of the Advity to Grant a Piotection for the said Master & 30 Mar of the Actvity to Grant a Protection for the said Master & 30 Man
Your most Obed humble Your most obed^e humble
Sir Sir
Iam Iam
Lert. D Wescouh sev^t. D Wescomb
P. House 20th June 1727 S.S House 20^th June 1727
pud & le Granted & {?}