114 114
in breach of the Treatys and the Company humbly apprehend by the same et in breach of the Treatys and the Company humbly apprehend by the same rules
if it be allowable his EMmight have suspended and may hereafter suspent t if it be allowable his  CM might have suspended and may hereafter suspend the
Sales for any further number of Monchs, and how consistent that would be w Sales for any further number of Months, and how consistent that would be under
the present Restriction of selling their Goods during the time of the Tais ont the present Restriction of selling their Goods during the time of the Fair only
which will be the Consequence if the Cedula of Revocation now Complain which will be the Consequence if the Cedula of Revocation now Complained  of
be allowed to take place, The Court of Directors humbly submit to your Grav be allowed to take place, The Court of Directors humbly submit to your Grace,
They also intreat you Grace to represent thes nen They also intreat you Grace to represent this men
Grievance to his Majesty, it being of the greatert Grievance to his Majesty, it being of the greatest
Ioith Ser House South Sea House
Importance to the present and Future Trade of Importance to the present and Future Trade of
3 Nev: 1724 3 Nov: 1724
the Company by their Annual Ships and hund the Company by their Annual Ships and humbly
pray his Majestys Speedy Directions for them pray his Majestys Speedy Directions for obtaining
Redress in Such manner as his Majesty in his Redress in Such manner as his Majesty in his
great Goodness and Wisdone shall see proper great Goodness and Wisdom shall see proper
By order of the Caurst of Diretor By order of the Court of Directors
D. Wascomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
2 Decr 1724 2 Dec^r 1724
Gentlemen Gentlemen
Having lad lefe the Count f Deunctars Youn Laetor Having laid before the Count f Directors  Your Letter to them
of the 25. Ull. desiring payment of £72:10 for a Calle paied by Cat of the 25. [Ull.] desiring payment of £72:10 for a Calle pared by Cap^t
Lable spared to Cable spared to
Lawere Comander of his Mayestys Ship Albraugh at Himnple to e Lawrence  Comander of his Majesty's Ship Alrbrough at Kinfale, to Cap^t Cleland.
Capt. Cleland Capt. Cleland
Comtander of this Comparys Shy Royal Prunce. I am onderd to againt Comander of this Comparys Ship Royal Prince. I am orderd to aquaint
You, That they when thes tharts for the Corntity end that he aeaet o You, That they return their thanks for the Civility and that this is respected  up 