O by Lord My Lord
The Court of Dirctors of the south fea Company being The Court of Directors of the south Sea Company being
informd that your Graces Departure for your Government at Jamaica is near at informd that your Graces Departure for your Government at Jamaica is near at
hand, Command me to acquaint your Grace That they have Deputed some of their hand, Command me to acquaint your Grace That they have Deputed some of their
number to wait on your Grace, and to desire the favour of knowing when your number to wait on your Grace, and to desire the favour of knowing when your 
a ake of Duke of 
Grace will please to be Attended by them Grace will please to be Attended by them
I am I am
Portland Portland
March 722 1^st March 1721
My Lord My Lord
Your Graces Your Graces
Mosthumble and Most humble and
Most obedient servant Most obedient servant
D. Nescomb D. Nescomb
Sir Te forthea lompany sinding by ters tatly aid from their egents Sir The South Sea Company finding by letters lately use^d from their agents
at Jamaica That new Impositions are laid upon all Negroes Imported as well as at Jamaica That new Impositions are laid upon all Negroes Imported as well as
Exported from that Island which will greatly Affect them in Carrying on the Exported from that Island which will greatly Affect them in Carrying on the
S Butyson Negroes [S Butyson] Negroes
(o Satraccaa [l Jamaica]
Assints, They desire you will acquaint me for their Information whether any Assiento, They desire you will acquaint me for their Information whether any
Instructions be given to the present Governor for Restraining the Passing any Instructions be given to the present Governor for Restraining the Passing any
Bills there which may prejudice the said Company, And that they may have a Bills there which may prejudice the said Company, And that they may have a
n Aely [W^m Popple Esq^r.]
Copy of such part as Concerns them Copy of such part as Concerns them
fam Pam
2 March 1721 2^d March 1721
Sir Sir
Yor most humble servt Yo^r. most humble serv^t.
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Wly Lord My Lord
Tome Gentlemen of the Court of Directors of the south sea Some Gentlemen of the Court of Directors of the south sea
Company having lately been to wait on your Trace to Lay their Compliments Company having lately been to wait on your Trace to Lay their Compliments
upon your being Appointed Governor of Famaica, and to Desire your Grace witl upon your being Appointed Governor of Jamaica, and to Desire your Grace will
Meatete to iner Invitation to Dinner.
be so good to give them the honour of your Company at Dinner, and that you would be so good to give them the honour of your Company at Dinner, and that you would
appoint a fime for that purpose_ Bntnot Meeting with your Trace I am appoint a time for that purpose [But not] Meeting with your Grace I am
Commanded to Degraint by the Court to wait on your Grace to know your Commanded to [Degraint] by the Court to wait on your Grace to know your
Rihe of Cortland Praces pleasure therein I am Duke of Portland Graces pleasure therein I am
My Lord My Lord
7 March 1721 7 March 1721
Ys. Graces Yo^r. Graces
Mosthumble & Most humble &
MostObedt Servt Most Obed^t Serv^.t
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb