125 125
persons and Effects) And are also a Breach of the Treaty of Pence of Utrecht, by persons and Effects) And are also a Breach of the Treaty of Pence of Utrecht, by
which the Assents was Conformd which the Assiento was Conform^d
They further most humbly Represent, that during the They further most humbly Represent, that during the
whole Course of their frade they have sufferd many Grieoouis Oppretsions whole Course of their trade they have suffer^d many Grievious Oppressions
and Imbarrassments from the Spanish Officers in the Inties contrary to and Imbarrassments from the Spanish Officers in the Inties contrary to
the Treatys with Spain, and not withstanding the Repeated Orders transmitted the Treatys with Spain, and not withstanding the Repeated Orders transmitted
in the name of Our late most Gracious Sovereign your Royal Father, to Bis in the name of Our late most Gracious Sovereign your Royal Father, to Bis
Ambatsador at that Court, and Bis Strenuous Applications from time to time, Ambassador at that Court, and Bis Strenuous Applications from time to time,
little or no Redress could ever be obtaind Nor has the Restitution of the Companys little or no Redress could ever be obtain^d Nor has the Restitution of the Companys
ffects which were Embargd in the Indus upon the preceding Rupture with Effects which were Embarg^d in the Indies upon the preceding Rupture with
pain in ye year 1719 yet been complied with pursuant to the 2 Article of pain in ye year 1719 yet been complied with pursuant to the 2 Article of
the Treaty of Peace made between Great Britain & Spain in the year 1721 there the Treaty of Peace made between Great Britain & Spain in the year 1721 there
remaining still a largesum due to the Company on that Account, For tho remaining still a large sum due to the Company on that Account, For tho
in Consequence of that Treaty B. C. MDed issye his Cetular or Orders to Bis in Consequence of that Treaty B. C. M Ded issue his Cetular or Orders to his
Governours at the Several ports & places in ye Indies, for Restoring thase Effects, yet Governours at the Several ports & places in ye Indies, for Restoring those Effects, yet
when the Companys Agents demanded the same they were told that the Royel feffer when the Companys Agents demanded the same they were told that the Royel Letters
out of which the payments were to Cemade) wene either Empty or were Anticipated to out of which the payments were to Cemade) were either Empty or were Anticipated to
suctha degree, with Respect to other demand prior to the Companys that they such a degree, with Respect to other demand prior to the Companys that they
could never Expect to receive any satisfaction from them could never Expect to receive any satisfaction from them
The Court of Director return your Majesty their most humble thanks The Court of Director return your Majesty their most humble thanks
for your Gracious Instances hitherto made, on the Comp behalf with his for your Gracious Instances hither to made, on the Comp^y behalf with his
C.M. and bueich your Maj. to grant them the Continuance of your C.M. and beseech your Maj^y. to grant them the Continuance of your
Royal protection & Interposition that when a favorable Conjuscture Royal protection & Interposition that when a favorable Conjuncture
shall Offer, effectual provision may be made for Restaring their shall Offer, effectual provision may be made for Restaring their
Several Ships & Effects now seized in the Several parts of the Spanish Several Ships & Effects now seized in the Several parts of the Spanish
America, And also what remains unrestored of their Effects, which America, And also what remains unrestored of their Effects, which
were formerly leyed. That they may also have Satisfaction made were formerly leyed. That they may also have Satisfaction made
them for damages Iustaind by the many Violences and groundless them for damages Sustain^d by the many Violences and groundless
Imbarrapments they have met with in the prosecution of their Comerce Imbarrasments they have met with in the prosecution of their Comerce
And that for the future they may, with greater Security enjoy the same And that for the future they may, with greater Security enjoy the same
with all its priviledges, according to the Tenn & true meaning of the with all its priviledges, according to the Tenn & true meaning of the
Treatys Treatys
By Order of the Court of Directors By Order of the Court of Directors
P2dece. 1727 P2dece. 1727
S Viscomt D. Descomb
Left inclosed in a letter at the Left inclosed in a letter at the
Duke of Nuscastles Bonge 25 Dec Duke of Nuscastles House 25th Dec
1727. A Cony being that morning 1727. A Copy being that morning
eft for sd Robt Walpole at his Left for Sr. Rob^t Walpole at his
Upon Nect of a Lre from Mr Dela Laye of ye 24t Jauy 172 Upon Next of a Lre from Mr Dela Laye of ye 24th Jan^y 1727
another Peticon was writ out & deliverd to Mr Deba ray another Peticion was writ out & deliverd to Mr Deba ray
ponse by
the former being mislaid the former being mislaid
Sir D. W