104 104
bock for the time part and to Come; To which end I sand you inclosd by Tel both for the time past and to Come; To which end I send you inclos'd by Tel
Eyters Order the aforesaid Original Assignments of the late King of Ser Eyles's Order the aforesaid Original Assignments of the late King of Spain
which you will please to put into my Lord Dukes Hands and pray Her which you will please to put into my Lord Dukes Hands and pray His
Gace to Transmitt by one of His Majesty Messengers to Mr Stanhopeot Gace to Transmitt by one of His Majestys Messengers to Mr Stanhopeot
Madied with Directions to his Excellency to Exhibit Memorials to the s Madrid with Directions to his Excellency to Exhibit Memorials to the 
Court of Spain, or otherwise to Sollicet the Obtaining Regular Cedulas for Court of Spain, or otherwise to Sollicit the Obtaining Regular Cedulas for
his CMr for Confirming the said Grants. I am his CM ^y for Confirming the said Grants. I am
V your most humd. Sen S.^r your most hum^d: Ser^t
Dan Wescomb Dan: Wescomb
Byorder of the Court of Directors and in thenr Name tue By order of the Court of Directors and in their Names return
Prev: Eon  Chev.^r: Eon
youtheir Thanks for the obliging Expressions in your Letter of this Day and he youtheir Thanks for the obliging Expressions in your Letter of this Day and they
do not Doubt of your Intentions to do the Company all reasonable Service ot the do not Doubt of your Intentions to do the Company all reasonable Service at the
Court of Madid. Court of Madrid.
They have a perfect Confidence in you and have been Allwag They have a perfect Confidence in you and have been Allways
vesiious of Entring into that Strict Friendship which they know will Contrin serious of Entring into that Strict Friendship which they know will Contribute
to the Service of his CM and the Company, and trust you have not hithrects ford to the Service of his CM and the Company, and trust you have not hitherto found
any Reason to dislike their Conduct towards you any Reason to dislike their Conduct towards you.
Youmay Expect to hear from them as Occasions of Conrespanin You may Expect to hear from them as Occasions of Corespondances
shall require, and in the mean time they will give Directions as you dence shall require, and in the mean time they will give Directions as you desire
that every thing that is proper be from time comunicated to your Secretary that every thing that is proper be from time comunicated to your Secretary
They hearhly wish you a good voyage and a safe returntile They heartily wish you a good voyage and a safe return little
again. again.
I am I am
or your most humble or your most humble
2920 2920
South Sea House South Sea House
Dr. Wescomb Dr. Wescomb
7 May 1724 7 May 1724