Content that in any Mithod Consistent with the Security of their present Content that in any Mithod Consistent with the Security of their present
Funds They may be Enabled to Convert a part of their Capitall into Funds They may be Enabled to Convert a part of their Capitall into
Annuitys Redeemable by Parliament Transferrable and Payable Annuitys Redeemable by Parliament Transferrable and Payable
by the South Sea Company by the South Sea Company
In Consideration therefore of the Premisses they In Consideration therefore of the Premisses they
humbly beseech this Honble House to give Relief in humbly beseech this Honble House to give Relief in
Such Manner as to your great Wisdom shall seem Such Manner as to your great Wisdom shall seem
meet- meet-
And your Petitioners shall ever Pray And your Petitioners shall ever Pray
By Order of the General Court By Order of the General Court
John Cyles Sub Govd John Eyles Sub Govd
Jno Rudge Dep Gov. Jno Rudge Dep Gov.
South Sea House South Sea House
Nov. 26 1782 Nov. 23 1722
Mem The Foregoing Address was Mem The Foregoing Address was
presented on ye 22th Decr. 1722 presented on ye 22th Decr. 1722
To their Excells the Lords To their Excells the Lords
Justices of Great Britain Justices of Great Britain
The Humble Petition of the South Sea Company The Humble Petition of the South Sea Company
Sheweth. Sheweth.
That his Cittolick Majesty did Gant to Her Late That his Cittolick Majesty did Gant to Her Late
Majesty Licences for Two Ships of Six Hundred Tuns each to Trade Majesty Licences for Two Ships of Six Hundred Tuns each to Trade
for one year only) to the Spanish West Indies, in the North Seas free for one year only) to the Spanish West Indies, in the North Seas free
of all Dutys, Reserving to himselfe 10 P Ct on the Nett Gain of the said of all Dutys, Reserving to himselfe 10 P Ct on the Nett Gain of the said
Ships. Ships.
And by an Additional Article to the Assients for Negroes leave And by an Additional Article to the Assients for Negroes leave
is given for a Ship of 500 Tuns to Trade Annualy for the Term of 30 years is given for a Ship of 500 Tuns to Trade Annualy for the Term of 30 years
to the said places free also of all Dutys Reserving to His Cm5 P C to the said places free also of all Dutys Reserving to His Cm5 P C
on the Nelt Gain of the Three Quarter parts belonging to England on the Nelt Gain of the Three Quarter parts belonging to England
That His present Majesty was Graciously pleased by Letters That His present Majesty was Graciously pleased by Letters
Patents Patents