Lords o he Lords of  the
Treasury   Treasury
May it please your Lordships
Your Lordiyrs Wenen baled he a Your Lordships Warrant dated  the 20^th
Instant has been tendred to us directing us to permit Mr Francis Haves to Instant has been tendred to us, directing us to permit Mr Francis Howel to
Tranfer to Mr John Selwyn ₤26686. 13.4 South Sea Stock that he same Tranfer to Mr John Selwyn ₤26,686 ,,13,,4 South Sea Stock that the same
may be sold for he Publick service. We have Considered of this your Lord may be sold for he Publick service: We have Considered of this you Lordship
Tonching MtHawei Comand, and we find that by the Books of the Company he has no more than
£1983. 6. Stock in his name, And we bes Leave further to Represent £11,983,, [6^s],, Stock in his name; And we beg Leave further to Represent
to your Lordsips, That as the Case of the Late director is now under the to your Lordships, That as the Case of the Late directors is now under the
Consideration of Parliament, We are in doubt whether we can Justifice the Consideration of Parliament, We are in doubt whether we can Justifie the
persiting any Fransfer to be made till it shall be Oetermined. permitting any Transfers to be made till it shall be Determined.
Dy ler of Delbert of Eon. By Order of  the Court of Directors

of the south Lea Company of the South Sea Company

DWercomb Sery D. Wescomb Sec^ry
To he Mr. Hnbl. the Lords Conitioners To the R.^r Hon^ble. the Lords Comissioners
of his Majestye Treasury of his Majesty's Treasury.
Sr Sir
The lant o dinctor f he hith de argany hea The Court of  Directors of the South Sea Company have
Reconsidered the Comands of the Right pontle the Lords Comittioner fhis Reconsidered the Comands of the Right hon^ble the Lords Comissioner  of his
Majesty Treasury inrelation to Mr Francis Hawest being permuined to Franper Majesty Treasury in relation to Mr Francis Howell being permitted to Transfer
have orderd that MHtay have ordered that mr. Haves 
may Transfor his Serck to may transfer his stock to 
the £119836t South Sea Stock in his name to Mr John Selwoyn in order to be the £11, 983 6 south sea stock in his name to mr John Selwyn in order to be 
Mr setay mr. Selwyn
Pold for the Publick service, and they have ordered me to acquaint you for the sold for the publick service, and they have ordered me to acquaint you, for the 
Information of their Lordship, That hey have given directions to their Ausute information of their lordships , that they have given Directions to their accounts
fot permitting the said Traslfer. Iam, for permitting the said Transfer. Iam,
Ser, Your most tymble servant Sir, Your most humble Servant  
To W^m Lowndes Esq  [?]
South Sea house 9th June 1721. 
Hml the Lots Comrs of t4 May Treacy Hon^ble His Lords Com^rs of his maj^ w Treaty
DWescomd D.Wescomb