word in the Treaty nor in common Reason that can Justifie word in the Treaty nor in common Reason that can Justifie
their so doing, if it be to offer at some better Security against the their so doing, if it be to offer at some better Security against the
misbehaviour of Officers for the future, at the same time that misbehaviour of Officers for the future, at the same time that
we desire Explanations & Admissions in favour of the Comp we desire Explanations & Admissions in favour of the Comp
we are ready to Joyn with them in any measures that may we are ready to Joyn with them in any measures that may
be thought of to remedy these Supposd Evils, We are be thought of to remedy these Supposd Evils, We are
Your Graces Your Graces
most obedt humble Servt most obedt humble Servt
John Eyles Sub Gov. John Eyles Sub Gov.
Jn Rudge Dep. Gov. Jno Rudge Dep. Gov.
South Sea House South Sea House
Aug. 1728 s. Aug. s. 1728
Copy of the Arcst of the South Sea Comp to diverse Copy of the Arcst of the South Sea Comp to diverse
Complaints of the Spaniards against theme Complaints of the Spaniards against theme
referrd to in the foregoing Memorial. referrd to in the foregoing Memorial.
St Objection St Objection
The Company having not yet The Company having not yet
given the King of Spainan Acco given the King of Spainan Acco
of their Profit as they ought to have 
done at ye ond of the first five years and
every fifth year following every fifth year following
Inbreach of ye 29 Art of the Assiento
Answer Answer
The Company know not how to The Company know not how to
think ye King of Spainserious wt think ye King of Spainserious wt
he Complains that his Accot of pro
fits heave not been made up, It being
easy for him to Conceive that the In easy for him to Conceive that the In
torsuptions of their Comerce ye Diffi torsuptions of their Comerce ye Diffi
Inbreach of ye 29 Art of the Assiento
cultys & Embarrassments in ye Exercise cultys & Embarrassments in ye Exercise
of it, & the two Seizures of their Ships of it, & the two Seizures of their Ships
Vessels & Effects have been far from Vessels & Effects have been far from
profitable to the Copartnership profitable to the Copartnership
But taking the Complaint to relate But taking the Complaint to relate
to the General Acct of Profits & Lofses to the General Acct of Profits & Lofses
they have been ever Impatient to they have been ever Impatient to
render it, and it is one of their greatest render it, and it is one of their greatest
Complaints that they have been pre Complaints that they have been pre
vented by his CM himself vented by his CM himself