South Seahouse 22h Novem 1798 South Sea house 22^th. Novem. 1793
Sean yin Eor. Fran. Lynn [ ]
Ser Sir
I am to acquaint you That the Committee appointed to Treat with the o I am to acquaint you That the Comittee appointed to Treat with the comittee
of yor Company for furnishing Negroes, desire a meeting on Tuesday next at the of yor. Company for furnishing Negroes, desire a meeting on Tuesday next at the
South Sea house at 5 a Clock precisely, if that be a Convenient time, if not. you South Sea house at 5 a Clock precisely: if that be a Convenient time, if not. you
will please to Signify it to will please to Signify it to.
Sir Yo Most humble Sext Sir Yor Most humble Servt.
D Wexcomb D Wescomb
Sr
Chev Eon Chevr. Eon
We have consdered of the Application you some Time Since made for We have considered of the Application you some Time Since made for an
Account of the sums of Money paid on his Catholick Majestys Eedulas out of the Ma Account of the sums of Money paid on his Catholick Majestys [ ] out of the [ ]
arising from the Dutys on Negroes Since the Renewal of our Trade, which we had prog arising from the Dutys on Negroes Since the Renewal of our Trade, which we had prepared
but we now think it is properer to draw out a full State of the said Dutys from the f but we now think it is properer to draw out a full State of the said Dutys from the f
Aas of aego dasts [ ] of negro dutys
Establishment of the Assuents to the Interruption of the late War, and Since the Retr Establishment of the Assiento to the Interruption of the late War, and Since the [ ]
the Trade upon the Leace and at the same Time Shew what payments have ben int the Trade upon the peace and at the same Time fhew what payments have been int
whole made here and at Madrid on that account and also what sums of Money a whole made here and at Madrid on that account and also what sums of Money [ ]
Moneys thn Restord Moneys thn Restord
lye in the Royal Coffers which having not yet been restored to us, ought to be plaicd o lye in the Royal Coffers which having not yet been restored to us, ought to be paid on
this Account which we deliver you as soon as it can be prepared. But By your Regnea this Account which we ^ will deliver you as soon as it can be prepared. But By your [Rep]
of the 14 Tnst. You Raise other Demands, which you make, as in pursuance of the of the 14 [ ]. You Raise other Demands, which you make, as in pursuance of the
Abt Sevt mrd now Abt Sevt [ ] now
84 Article of the Assints. We must acquaint you that We see not any thing int 84 Article of the Assiento. We must acquaint you that We see not any thing in 
Remanded by him Remanded by him
said Article that requires our Compliance therein & We can not conceive to what said Article that requires our Compliance therein & We can not conceive to what
repue to romply wt in refuse to comply [ ]
End or purpose you demand these things We shall at all Times take lare Strutles End or purpose you demand these things We shall at all Times take care Strictly
to observe every thing containd in that or any other the Articles of the Asreats, to observe every thing containd in that or any other the Articles of the Asseinto,
and doing so Ie shall not doubt of having the approbation, as well of his lathablt and doing so [ ] shall not doubt of having the approbation, as well of his catholick
Majesty and his Ministers, as your self and We must particularly say that at Majesty and his Ministers, as your self : and We must particularly say; that as
the Communication of all letters received from Famaica or any of the Factory at the Communication of all letters received from jamaica or any of the Factory and
delivering your Extracts thereof, We mist desire your Excuse, for that it daundtepp delivering your Extracts thereof, We must desire your Excuse, for that it does not appear
at Extracts of Lres [abt] Extracts of tres
to us any wise proper or Necessary for his Catholick Majesty's Service, But he to us any wise proper or Necessary for his Catholick Majestys Service, But you
may be assured, that when any thing from any of the Tactorys comesto hent may be assured, that when any thing from any of the factorys comesto and
that may be of immediate Importance to his lath? Majts, or that requrs the that may be of immediate Importance to his cath? Majts, or that requires the
Assistance of hum or his Ministers tohards preserving precting or prany to Assistance of sum or his Ministers, towards preserving pre^tecting or processing to