(37 (37
Franis Lypmn Esqr. Francis Lynn Esq^r.
Iran hen African house 
South Sea house 20th Dec.172 South Sea house 30^th Dec.1721
Sir, Sir,
I am Comanded to acquaint you that the Comittee of this I am Comanded to acquaint you that the Comittee of this
Company for the assento Trade intend to meet at the South sea house on Tuesday Company for the assiento Trade. intend to meet at the South sea house on Tuesday
next at 10. in the Morning, and desire the favour of a Comittee of the Royal next at 10. in the Morning. and desire the favour of a Comittee of the Royal
African Company to meet them African Company to meet them
Iam I am
Sir, Sir
Yor most Obedt Servt Yo^r most. Obed^t Serv^t
WY W S
Iath Teo house 29 Deo. 1721 South Sea house 29 Dec. 1721
Gentlemen Gentlemen
The Coust of Directors of the Poaith Se Company The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company
have considered your request And I am by their Order to acquaint you that have considered your request And I am by their Order to acquaint you that
they have given Directions to Mr Knapp to deliver you from time to time they have given Directions to Mr Knapp to deliver you from time to time
Sabmnson and other Subscriptions and other
Books are ordr to be dd Books are ordr^d to be dd
Such Subscription or other Books as you shall desire for the better execution Such Subscription or other Books as you shall desire for the better execution
fom by Mr Knas [him] by Mr. Knapp.
of your Commission upon your giving a Receipt to return the same on Demand of your Commission upon your giving a Receipt to return the same on Demand
I am I am
Gonr. Gent^n.
Your most humble Servt Your most humble Serv^t
DWescomb D Wescomb.
To the Managers & Directors for performing To the Managers & Directors for performing
what remains to be executed on the Act Sexto what remains to be executed on the Act Sexto
Regis for increasing the Capital Stock & Fund Regis for increasing the Capital Stock & Fund
of the South Sea Company. of the South Sea Company.