Sir
The Protections which the Rt. Honl. the Lords Comissioners The Protections which the R.^t. Hon:^ble the Lords Comissioners
of the Admiralty were pleasd to grant the undermentiond ships in the Service of the Admiralty were pleasd to grant the undermentiond ships in the Service
Wahall Isaiah  Burchett Esq.^r
of the South Sea Company Expiring the 16 Instant, They desire you will of the South Sea Company Expiring the 16^th Instant, They desire you will
please to move their Lordships for renewing the Same as soon as possible, there please to move their Lordships for renewing the Same as soon as possible, there
being a Necessity to send Some of them down to Yarmouth in order to bring up being a Necessity to send Some of them down to Yarmouth in order to bring up
Some of the Men from thence. Some of the Men from thence.
The Elizabeth John Cleaveland Master 26 Mon The Elizabeth John Cleaveland Master 26 Mon
The Sd. Michael Charles Burnham Master 62 Men The S^t. Michael Charles Burnham Master 62 Men
The Briston Galley Mattien Rent Master 42 Men The Briston Galley Mathew kent Master 42 Men
I am I am
South te House South Sea House
4 May 1726 4^th  May 1726
yourmost humble sent your most humble serv.^t
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Ge Eon Chev.^r  Eon
Sir, Sir,
London & May 176 London 5 :th May 1726
vs C. M. Director Ps C. M. Director
In the Affairs of the In the Affairs of the
Guentomn Assiento mn
London London
The Court of Directors having Considered what You lately com- The Court of Directors having Considered what You lately comu=-
mcated to them by Order of his Excy the Duke of Ripperday in relation to the nicated to them by Order of his Ex.^cy the Duke of Ripperda in relation to the
Companys Discontinuing the Monthly payments of his C Mr. Assignments Companys Discontinuing the Monthly payments of his C. M  Assignments,
they hope what they wrote you on that Subject the 21 Ult will serve as they hope what they wrote you on that Subject the 21 Ult: will serve as
an Answer, and desire You will please to Represent the same accordingly to an Answer, and desire You will please to Represent the same accordingly to
his his