198
on their return to Great Britain be damd Piratical and Ilegal, refused it; on their return to Great Britain be dam^d Piratical and Ilegal, refused it;
Whereupon the Governour took upon him, actualy to fine each Captain Whereupon the Governour took upon him, actually to fine each Captain
Two Thousand Dollars, and to detain them on Shoae untill the same were Two Thousand Dollars, and to detain them on Shore untill the same were
paid or Security given by the Companys Factory to abide the King of Spains paid or Security given by the Companys Factory to abide the King of Spains
Detamination; which rather than the ships should be detaind the complye Detamination; which rather than the ships should be detain'd the comply'd
with with
The Court of Directors should before now have acquain The Court of Directors should before now have acquain
Pted your Grace of this matter, but that as the Chevalicr Con was present, ted your Grace of this matter, but that as the Chevalier Con was present,
at the reading of these Advices, and assured them, that he would represent the at the reading of these Advices, and assured them, that he would represent the
same to the Court of Spain, and did not doubt of imediate Rediess, they Ex= same to the Court of Spain, and did not doubt of imediate Rediess, they Ex=
=cused houbling your Grace therewith; But not having as yet had any Annu =cused houbling your Grace therewith; But not having as yet had any Answer
They humbly pray your Grace to represent the They humbly pray your Grace to represent the
matter of this Complaint to his Maj most humbr matter of this Complaint to his Maj most humbr
beseecking His Maj. graciously to interpose in order beseeching His Maj^y graciously to interpose in order
to obtain Satisfaction from the Court of Spain, and to obtain Satisfaction from the Court of Spain, and
for vacating the Security Bonds, Entered into as for vacating the Security Bonds, Entered into as
aforesaid aforesaid
By ord. of the Coutof Directors By ord^r. of the Court of Directors
D Wescomb Secret. D Wescomb Secret.
Mr Jno Stoneham Mr J^no Stoneham
Sir Sir
You having desired of the Court of Directors of the SSea Co to referr to You having desired of the Court of Directors of the S Sea C^o to referr to
Arbitration the matters in dispute between the Comp: and the Owners of the Devonshire Arbitration the matters in dispute between the Comp^y: and the Owners of the Devonshire
whereof you are One, And the Court of Directors having agreed thereto, and named the Asbi- whereof you are One, And the Court of Directors having agreed thereto, and named the Asbi-
trators for the Company as you did for the Owners, And the Bonds of Arbitration being trators for the Company as you did for the Owners, And the Bonds of Arbitration being
vrawn and ready to be Executed I acquaint you therewith, that you and the other drawn and ready to be Executed I acquaint you therewith, that you and the other
Owners of the said Ship may call and Execute the Bond accordingly. Pray give me Owners of the said Ship may call and Execute the Bond accordingly. Pray give me
a line in Answer Bearer, at what hour to day or to Morron you willcall. I am a line in Answer Bearer, at what hour to day or to Morron you will call. I am
Sr. Your very humble Servt Sr. Your very humble Serv^t
So Sea House So Sea House
Tuesday 10 Jan Tuesday 10 Jan^y
D: Wescomb D: Wescomb