South Sea House 2d March 1721 South Sea House 2d March 1721
Sr. The loathle Copen ording ly lites aly Sr. South Sea Company finding by Letters lately 
recd from their Agents at Jamaica That new Impositions are laid upon recd from their Agents at Jamaica That new Impositions are laid upon
all Negroes Imported as well as Exported from that Island which will all Negroes Imported as well as Exported from that Island which will
greatly Affect them in Carrying on the Assients, They desire you will greatly Affect them in Carrying on the Assiento, They desire you will
acquaint me for their Information Whether any Instructions be given to acquaint me for their Information Whether any Instructions be given to
the present Governor for Restraining the Passing any Bills there which the present Governor for Restraining the Passing any Bills there which
may prejudice the said Company, And that they may have a Copy of such may prejudice the said Company, And that they may have a Copy of such
part as Concerns them I am part as Concerns them I am
Sr. Your most Humble Servant Sr. Your most Humble Servant
D. Weronb Sery D. Wescomb Secry
To the Kings most Excellent Majesty To the Kings most Excellent Majesty
The Cout of Derctors of the sa. Compary The Cout of Derctors of the sa. Compary
crave leave in the most humble & Dutifull Manner to Represent to yo crave leave in the most humble & Dutifull Manner to Represent to yo
Majesty. That in pursuance of the Assients Treaty & the Subsequent Majesty. That in pursuance of the Assients Treaty & the Subsequent
Convention Entred into between the Crowns of Great Britain & Convention Entred into between the Crowns of Great Britain &
Spain, which have been Confirmd by Your Majrs at the late Spain, which have been Confirmd by Your Majrs at the late
Treaty of Peace the said Company are about to Dispatch for the Port Treaty of Peace the said Company are about to Dispatch for the Port
of Vx their Annual Ship the Royal Prince with a Cargo of of Vx their Annual Ship the Royal Prince with a Cargo of
Goods & Merchandize, and that no Embarrassments may happen in Goods & Merchandize, and that no Embarrassments may happen in
the Indies on pretence of her Exceeding the Tonnage Allowd by the sd the Indies on pretence of her Exceeding the Tonnage Allowd by the sd
Convention which is 650 Tuns according to the Spanish Rule of Convention which is 650 Tuns according to the Spanish Rule of
Measuremt the said Court did lately Carse the said Ship to be measures Measuremt the said Court did lately Carse the said Ship to be measures
by two Mathematicians One appointed on behalf of the Company & by two Mathematicians One appointed on behalf of the Company &
o the o the