My Lord My Lord
The Court of Directors of the Sarth lea Compe. The Court of Directors of the Sarth lea Compe.
are extremely obliged to your Grace for the dispatches you were pleacer are extremely obliged to your Grace for the dispatches you were pleacer
Some time since to Order Mr Delafaye to send them & particularly to Some time since to Order Mr Delafaye to send them & particularly to
the Extract of what your Grace has wrote to Mr Stanhope upon the the Extract of what your Grace has wrote to Mr Stanhope upon the
Companys humble Memorial of the sd Novr last and of his Exss Companys humble Memorial of the sd Novr last and of his Exss
Letter to Your Grace, wth contained an Acco: of his Proceedings thereupn Letter to Your Grace, wth contained an Acco: of his Proceedings thereupn
And as Your Grace had wrote in such pcressing terms, & we have allag And as Your Grace had wrote in such pcressing terms, & we have allag
experienced Mr Stanhopes great Assiduety, They were in hopes by the experienced Mr Stanhopes great Assiduety, They were in hopes by the
Time it would have produced the desired Effect. But having heard Time it would have produced the desired Effect. But having heard
nothing since upon the matter, And the Annual Ship Prince Fre nothing since upon the matter, And the Annual Ship Prince Fre
rick being already in part loaded & will be ready to Sail by the Midle rick being already in part loaded & will be ready to Sail by the Midle
of April next. They Intreat Your Grace to renew Yor Instances on of April next. They Intreat Your Grace to renew Yor Instances on
this Head; and to send over a Messenger on purpose to bring back y this Head; and to send over a Messenger on purpose to bring back y
Dispatches, It being of Importance that the Ship should not be Dispatches, It being of Importance that the Ship should not be
detained especially as she is the ship which by the Treaty was to hav detained especially as she is the ship which by the Treaty was to hav
gone last year. We are gone last year. We are
My Lord My Lord
London London
Your Graces &c Your Graces &c
March 1721 March 1721
J. Lyles J. Lyles
In Rudge In Rudge
South Sea House 1th June 725 South Sea House 1st June 1725
Sr Sr
The South Sea Compary bing about to Dipet the The South Sea Compary bing about to Dipet the
Ship Frince Friderick Capt Whittington Williams of the Burthen of
65o Tuns, and Carrying 40 Guns and 170 men for La Vera Cruz in New Spain