120 120
Tarth ber Hange Lordon & Mad 1 South  Sea House  London 8 Mar 1724
Mr Bedford Mr. Bedford  Sir
The South be Comps. having lately had Intelligence, that one of this ren The South sea Comp^a. having lately had Intelligence, that one of their negro
Ships called the Robert & Samuel Capt. Robert Austin was in the Month of Sep. last in Ships called the Robert  Samuel Cap^t. Robert Austin was in the Month of Sep^r. last in a
Rastile Masner attackd taken & plunderd in the River of Gambea by a large shiy fot Rastile Masner attachd taken & plunderd in the River of Gambia by a large ship of 36
Rabert & Samuel Robert & Samuel
sundedby the frond Guns, belonging to the French African Comps. under pretence of some Difference lition plunder'd by the french Guns, belonging to the French African Comp^a. under pretence of some Difference between
african Comp ship african Comp^a ship
therm the Reyal Afican Comps. of England, They are extrenely surprised at fuchar them & the Royal African Comp^a. of England, They are extremely surprised at such an
Action in a Time of peace between the two Crowns, And bring Informd that you are Action in a Time of peace between the two Crowns, And being Informd that you are
Agent for the French Comp. They thought proper that You should be acquainted i Agent for the French Comp^a. They thought proper that You should be acquainted to
the Matter and as the South Sea Comp. as well as the Owners of the said Ship ha the Matter and as the South Sea Comp^a. as well as the Owners of the said Ship have
Lustand Considerable Damages (besides the Afront) by this unjustifuable proceding Sustaind Considerable Damages (besides the Afront) by this unjustifuable proceeding
they intend to deliver in to you an Accot of their Demands as soon as the same ant they intend to deliver in to you an Acco^t of their Demands as soon as the same can so
sated in order that due satisfaction may be made. This I have in Comand from the stated in order that due satisfaction may be made. This I have in Comand from the
Courtof Directors of the South fea Comp. to let You know for the Information of yur Court of Directors of the South sea Comp^a. to let You know for the Information of your
46 46
Comp & am Comp^a & am
D. Sir
You ngt humble burt You^r  most humble serv^t
D. Wescoma D. Wescomb