a favourable Report may be made thereupon as may tend to a favourable Report may be made thereupon as may tend to
preserve to the Comp the Exemption from the Dutys complained preserve to the Comp^a  the Exemption from the Dutys complained
of pursuant to his Maytr most gracious Intention Signified of pursuant to his Maj^tys most gracious Intention Signified
in the aforesd Order of Council & the Instructions which were in the aforesd Order of Council & the Instructions which were
given to the late Govr of Jamaica, & particularly to St Hichd given to the late Gov^or of Jamaica, & particularly to S^n Mich:
Oin that behalf in that behalf
Lawes, And that the Moneys paid by the Company for those Lawes, And that the Moneys paid by the Company for those
Dutys may be orderd to be paid back, especially seing the same Dutys may be orderd to be paid back, especially seing the same
were levyed when his Majty had not previously approved the were levyed when his Maj^ty had not previously approved the
Acts, which the Court of Directors humbly concerve to be Acts, which the Court of Directors humbly conceive to be
expressly contrary to the aforesaid Order of Council, and expressly contrary to the aforesaid Order of Council, and
Instructions. Instructions.
All which is humbly Submitted All which is humbly Submitted
Lordon to bctrpb. London 6 oct^r  1726
By Order of the Court of Directors By Order of the Court of Directors
Delyd to Mr Popple to be Dely^d to Mr Popple to be
laid before their Lords laid before their Lords
D Wescomb D Wescomb
Joush ler Bouse 7 Oct. 1726 South Sea house 7^th Oct. 1726
Sir Sir
S. Knight M^r . R^d  Knight
Deal Deal
I am favoured with your Letter of the 16th Ult. but I I am favoured with your Letter of the 16th Ult. but I
could not Collect from it any Opinion of Your own, in relation to Mr Horus could not Collect from it any Opinion of Your own, in relation to Mr Horus
Project, So as he has proposed in his last to me, to referr it to Some Friend Project, So as he has proposed in his last to me, to referr it to Some Friend
here to talk with some of the Gentlemen of the Direction, It is left on that here to talk with some of the Gentlemen of the Direction, It is left on that
foot, To which purpose I now write Mr Horne by the inclosed which You foot, To which purpose I now write M^r Horne by the inclosed which You
will please to deliver him. I am will please to deliver him          I am
Sor Sir
Yor most humble Servt Yo^r most humble Serv^t
D Wascomb D Wescomb