Majesty Justice in every Branch wherein his Interstis Condand Toynlly Majesty Justice in every Branch wherein his Interest concernd Joyully
with the South Sea Company, or that they will Countenance anything which with the South Sea Company, or that they will Countenance anything which
the Priviledges they Enjoy by the Treaty of the Assiento will not support, and the Priviledges they Enjoy by the Treaty of the Assiento will not support, and
they cannot conceive but that the delivering such account as is demanded of the they cannot conceive but that the delivering such account as is demanded if the
the sending the same to the Royal Officers abroad may be the Foundation of particular marks & numbers of 4 Cargo of this Ship & the sending the same to the Royal Officers abroad may be the Foundation of
New Embarrassments which they are very carefull to Avoid, in as much as bis New Embarrassments which they are very carefull to Avoid, in as much as his
scarce possible to be so Exact in Marks and numbers, but that Eriors more or less scarce possible to be so Exact in Marks and numbers, but that Errors more or less
have allways happened, and we cannot be Secure that the particulars shall agree have always happened, and we cannot be Secure that the particulars shall agree
with the Invoice in Every Instance; nor will it be as they apprehend of any with the Invoice in Every Instance; nor will it be as they apprehend of any
reat Servrice to his C.M. The Court of Dicctors do take all the Precantion possibe real Service to his C.M. The Court of Directors do take all the Precaution possibe
to prevent any lacesses of the Supra Cargoes or Officers of the Ship, or conld they be to prevent any excess of the Supra Cargoes or Officers of the Ship, or could they be
Informd of any Indirect Practiees contrary to their Orders and Instructions, they should Informd of any Indirect Practices contrary to their Orders and Instructions, they should
be severely punished. This I have in Comand from the Court of Directors to return be severely punished. This I have in Comand from the Court of Directors to return
in asswer to your Memorial I am in answer to your Memorial. I am
Sir Sir
Your most humble Servt Your most humble Servt
South Sea House South Sea House
London 4 June 1725 London 4 June 1725
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
ir Sir
South Seahouse 1 June 1725 South Sea house 1 June 1725
The South Sea Company being about to dispatch their ship Prince The South Sea Company being about to dispatch their ships Prince
Frederich Cap. Whitlington Williams of the Burthen of 6oo Tuns, and Carrying Frederick Cap^t. Whitlington Williams of the Burthen of 650 Tuns, and Carrying
40 Guns and 170 Men for Lavera Cur in New Spain pursuant to Teatys made 40 Guns and 170 Men for La Vera Cruz in New Spain pursuant to Treatys made
between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain They desire you will please to Represent between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain They desire you will please to Represent
to the Rt Honle the Secretary of State in whose Province it lyes, in Order to Obtain to the Rt: Hon^ble the Secretary of State in whose Province it lyes, in Order to Obtain
a Comission of Piiacy for the said ship, and you will oblege the Company by where a Comission of Piracy for the said ship, and you will oblige the Company by where
Dections I write this Iam. Directions I write this Iam.
Pr. Your humble Servt Sr. Your humble Servt
D Wescomeb D. Wescomb
Pirles Delofay Esqr. Charles  Delafaye Esqr.