242 242
Cr Leungited y W^m Bumpsted Esq^e 
Sir Sir
A Committee having Examind into the Panama and Porto belo A Committee having Examind in to the Panama and Por to belo
Books, deliverd by you into the Accomptants Office the 22 June last, Apprehend Books, deliverd by you into the Accomptants Office the 22^d June last, Apprehend
upon porusal of the Lotters from that Factory, that Several are missing Viz. The upon perusal of the Letters from that Factory, that Several are missing Viz.(as follows?) .The
Cash Book from 24 June 1720 to June 1726, all the Sale Books both of the Negroes Cash Book from 24 June 1720 to June 1726, all the Sale Books both of the Negroes
and Goods from the last opening the Trade, and the Originals of the Journals and and Goods from the last opening the Trade, and the Originals of the Journals and
Ledgers, those deliverd by you being only imperfect Copys Ledgers, those deliverd by you being only imperfect Copys
And the Factors having wrote that all the Books both Originals and And the Factors having wrote that all the Books both Originals and
Copys were deliverd to you, The Comittee desire youl let them have om as soon as possible Copys were deliverd to you, The Comittee desire you'l let them have one as soon as possible
they having an imerite occasion for them. they having an imediate occasion for them.
As to the papers I wrote you for in my Lotter of the 27 past, they As to the papers I wrote you for in my Letter of the 27 past, they
nevercame to this office, so you are also desired to renew your Search for im, and send never came to this office, so you are also desired to renew your Search for one, and send
them me. I am. them me. I am.
Sir, Sir,
Your most humble Servant Your most humble Servant
South Sea House D. Wescomb
D. Wescomb South Sea House
9t Decem. 1727 9^th Decem^r. 1727
Angwerd 12 Jany Answerd 12 Jan^ry
Sout SasHorwe 1t Dety727 South Sea House 11th Dec^r 1727
Madam Madam
Mrs Clacke M^rs Clarke in Bartholomen Close/
It appearing upon inspecting the books of the South It appearing upon inspecting the books of the South
in Bartholomen
Sea Comps with regard to the Acct of Mr Wm Clarke late one of their Factors Sea Comp^s with regard to the Acco^ts of M^r W^m Clarke late one of their Factors
Close
in New Spain deed that his Accot are open & unadjusted; And the Court of in New Spain deed that his Acco^t are open & unadjusted; And the Court of
Directors being informd that you are one of his Exrs have orderd me to desired Directors being informd that you are one of his Ex^es have orderd me to desire
You will gave yor. Assistance in adjesting the sd. Mr. Carkes Aect. arthe You will gave Yo^r. Assistance in adjusting the s^d. Mr. Clarkes Acco^ts. with
the Companys accountant with all convenient speed. I am the Companys Accountant with all convenient Speed. I am
Madm Mad^am
Yors most hund Servt Yo^r most hum^ble  Serv^t
DWescomb D.Wescomb