220 220
the Assembly in Feb. 17214, and that the Same was to take place from the 1s. its: Cllon the Assembly in Feb. 1723/4, and that the Same was to take place from the 1st Octo^r following 
but Icant find out the Title; Its probable it may be what they call the Revenue Ach but I cant find out the Title; Its probable it may be what they call the Revenue ach
Inclosd is a Copy of a Minute of our Comittee, which was appointed to take case Inclos'd is a Copy of a Minute of our Comittee, which was appointed to take care
of the Affair of the Dutys which I send you for your better Information as to the of the Affair of the Dutys which I send you for your better Information as to the
Companys Sense of the whole matter, and give you some light in drawing up the Companys Sense of the whole matter, and give you some light in drawing up the
Report. The Company will be oblig'd to you if you can let them have the perusal Report. The Company will be oblig'd to you if you can let them have the perusal
of the Draft of the Report before it be made, that in case any thing be misunderstoo of the Draft of the Report before it be made, that in case any thing be misunderstoo
on Either Side, it may be better Explaind. I am on Either Side, it may be better Explaind. I am
Sir Sir
Your most hum Servt Your most hum Serv^t
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Jas. Burchar Sir Jos^h  Burchett Sir
Esqr Esq^r
I hroubled You yesterday wth a Letter signifying the South I troubled You yesterday w^th a Letter signifying the South
Sea Comp Devire, that if no Inconveniency attended it, their Lords would Sea Comp Desire, that if no Inconveniency attended it, their Lord^s would
be pleased to order the Kingsale up the River to Long Reach, I am to beg Yd be pleased to order the Kingsale up the River to Long Reach, I am to beg Yo
Answer, And if she could be orderd for Woolwick, it would be so much better Answer, and if she could be orderd for Woolwick, it would be so much better
for the Comps Service. I am for the Comp. Service. I am
Sir Sir
Sea House Sea House
Yor most hund servt Yor most humb serv^t
1 June 1727 1^st June 1727
D Wapcomt D Wescomb
Sir Sir
Capt. Rich Cap^t. Rich
Girlington Com. Girlington Com^.
Yor Receipt for the Treasure belonging to the South Sea Comps Yo^r Receipt for the Treasure belonging to the South Sea Comp^s
1 of his Maj 1 of his Maj
Sug Kkingsall on board his Majtrs Ship the Kingsale being laid before a Court of Directors Ship  Kingsale on board his Maj^tys Ship the Kingsale being laid before a Court of Directors
this Day Iam, by their Order to defire you to deliver the same to Capt this Day I am, by their Order to desire you to deliver the same to Cap^t
Richd Stratton, the bearer, whose Receipt shall be your Discharge Rich^d Stratton, the bearer, whose Receipt shall be your Discharge
I am I am
Sir, Sir,
Ye Ley Sene So Sea House 
Yr most hund Serv Yo^r most humb  Serv^t
1 June 1727 1^st June 1727

D Wescombeer D Wescomb Sec^r