162 162
Sarth la Jave 15 March 178  South Sea House 15. March 1725
Jno Hophiurs Esq. In:^o Hopkins Esq.^r  
Sor Sir
Jno: Ward Esqr In.^o Ward Esq.^r
Mr Burton M.^r Burton
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Comps. Laving under The Court of Directors of the South Sea Comp.^s. having under
Depty Cleeve Dep.^ty Clecve
Consideration in what Manner fraudulent Fransfers may be more effectually prevented, Consideration in what Manner fraudulent Transfers may be more effectually prevented,
Col. Harrison Col.^o. Harrison
Der. Sambrooke Esq Jer. Sambrooke Esq^r
se desirous of the Thought of the Genl. appointed the Comrs. for Inspecting the By Lam are desirous of the Thought of the Gent^le. appointed the Com^or. for Inspecting the By Laws
Rob. Bristow Esqr Rob.^t Bristow Esq.^r
of this Company, of which Number you being one, are desired to meet the rest of of this Company, of which Number you being one, are desired to meet the rest of
the Gentl. at this House on Thursday next at 11 precisely I am the Gent.^le. at this House on Thursday next at 11 precisely.             I am
Sir Sir
Yor mosthemn le Lad Yo.^r most humble Serv.^t
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Honl. Gent Hon:^ble  Gent.^n
Tr Johe Count. The Hon^ble Court.
South Sex Bouse 15 March 1725 South Sea House 15. March 1725
of Directors of the of Directors of the
Cach redia Comps Easte India Comp.^es
The South Sea Company as Assentists being obliged annually to The South Sea Company as Assentists being obliged annually to
furnish the Sparish West Judies with a Certain Quantity of Hegroes & particularly furnish the Spanish West Indies with a Certain Quantity of Negroes & particularly
Buenos Ayres with 1200 p de India are in good hope that they may be accomodated Buenos Ayres with 1200 p de India are in good hope that they may be accomodated
with your Lycenses from time to time to gots Madagascar for the supply of that part with your Lycenses from time to time to go to Madagascar for the supply of that part
particular part of their Grant from the King of Spain, from whence they may be more particular part of their Grant from the King of Spain, from whence they may be more
easily brought than from the Coast of Africa easily brought than from the Coast of Africa
They the rather hope you will make No Difficulty in this their Appli- They the rather hope you will make No Difficulty in this their Appli-
cation, because the Course of their Prade to Buenos Ayres, will not in the least Subject =cation, because the Course of their Trade to Buenos Ayres, will not in the least Subject
You You