do PAssients, il est porte que les plus de l' Assiento, il est porte que les plus
lepais. Cest pourquoy la Compagrie lepais. Cest pourquoy la Compagnie 
pre, que ces denx points Sorent cclaircis pre, que ces deux points Soient eclaircis
& gie les Eains preteates dont on sesert & que les Vains pretextes dont on sesert
pour embarasser la Compl Socent cen pour embarasser la Comp.^a Soient cen
surex Et dautant que te present Tes =surez: Et dautant que le present Fes =
eal Dr Prudencio de Ralacios a eal D^n Prudencio de Ralacios a
notoirement ctendu Eexecution de la notoirement sender Eexecution de la
E dont on Seplaint, at en a pervert Ced.^e dont on Seplaint,et en a perverti
les termes at leSens (toute manvaise les  termes et leSens (toute manvaise
quille etort deja & la interpretee dune quille etort deja & la interpretee dune
of the Assients, only the Junior of the Assiento, only the Junior
Factors might go up into the Country, Factors might go up into the Country,
The Company therefore pray, that The Company therefore pray, that
these two Points may be cleared up, these two Points may be cleared up,
and the groundls pretences made Use of and the groundls pretences made Use of
to Eimnbarass the Company may be cen- to Embarass the Company may be cen =
sured: And inas much an the present =sured: And in as much as the present
Riseal Dr. puidence de Palaciors has Fiscal Dr. prudencio de Palaciors has
notoriously Extended the Execution of notoriously Extended the Execution of
the Cedula complaind of & perverted the Cedula complaind of & perverted
the Mords and Sence of it (bad as it the words and Sence of it (bad as it
was) to purposes it could never was) to purposes it could never
manure insoutenable, & dont on navor manure insoutenable, & dont on navir
bear, or was intended, as appears by bear, or was intended, as appears by
gamais en le dessein, comme il parort Jamais en le dessein, comme il paroit
his Report upon the Vice Roys his Report upon the Vice Roys
par Son Rapport Sur la Reference par Son Rapport Sur la Reference
Reference, of which the Companys Reference, of which the Companys
di Vice Roy, dont b. Agent de la Comps. du Vice Roy, dont L. Agent de la Comps.
Agent at Madred has an Authentick Agent at Madrid has an Authentick
a Madrid a un Teroignage Auten a Madrid a un Teroignage Auten
Pestimony, ready to be produced Testimony, ready to be produced
=tique quil est prest deproducire, La =tique qu il est prest deproduire, La
The Company hope from his Catho The Company hope from his Cath^o
Comp esure dela Justice de S. MC Comp^e esure dela Justice de S. MC
Majesty's Justice, that Such Pro- Majesty's Justice, that Such Pro-
gue de tels Roceder secont disaprowed que de tels procedz seront disaproved
ceedings will be discouraged, and that =ceedings will be discouraged, and that
& quille Sera protegie & maintenue & qu elle Sera protegee & maintenue
they shall be protected in their they shall be protected in their
dans Ser Drocts & privileges, & quille dans Ses Droits & privileges, & qu elle
Nights, and Priviledges, and not Rights, and Priviledges, and not
nesera pas exposie aux embarras nesera pas exposee aux embarras
exposed to be embarassd at the exposed to be embarassd at the
causer par le Caprice des Officiers Es causez par le caprice des Officiers Es =
Capriee of any of the Spanish Officer Caprice of any of the Spanish Officers
pagnols, it queled. Tiscal Sera puni pagnols, it que led. Tiscal Sera puni
and that the aforesd Tiscal may be punished and that the afores^d Tiscal may be punished
in terrorem in terrorem
in derrorem in Terrorem

4. And whereas one of the pretences 4. And whereas one of the pretences
4 Et dautant que Cundes pretexter 4 Et dautant que Cundes pretexter
on wch the Ced. complaind of was grounderg on w^ch the Ced^a. complaind of was grounded
Surlesquels ladite Coss cort fondee Sur lesquels la dete Ced^ce eboit fondee
Ws Was
thit etoit