The Company desire it may be remembered That His The Company desire it may be remembered That His
Mis Chargeable with Interest at the Rate of 8 P Ct P Ann M is Chargeable with Interest at the Rate of 8 P Ct P Ann
for the sum due, and also that there is no particular Sum Charge for the sum due, and also that there is no particular Sum Charge
in the above Acco for the great losses and Damages the Comp have in the above Acco for the great losses and Damages the Comp have
Sustained from the many groundless Embarrassments they have Sustained from the many groundless Embarrassments they have
formerly Complaind of without redress. formerly Complaind of without redress.
16B. This Accot being made out from the best Informations NB. This Accot being made out from the best Informations
the Comp have has yet had from their Factorys abroad is the Comp have has yet had from their Factorys abroad is
to be understood with a Salvo Crrore. to be understood with a Salvo Crrore.
By Order of the Court of Direct By Order of the Court of Direct
D Wescomb Secry D Wescomb Secry
South Sea House South Sea House
26th Feb. 1727 26th Feb. 1727
To His Grace ye Duke of Newcastle To His Grace ye Duke of Newcastle
May it Please yor Grace May it Please yor Grace
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Compa. The Court of Directors of the South Sea Compa.
having reced Copies of two Bandos or Proclamations of a very having reced Copies of two Bandos or Proclamations of a very
extraordinary nature published by the Vice Roy of Mexico in extraordinary nature published by the Vice Roy of Mexico in
the Months of July and August last, frave leave to lay the the Months of July and August last, frave leave to lay the
Translations thereof before your Grace Translations thereof before your Grace
In these Bandos among many rigorous & unprece In these Bandos among many rigorous & unprece
=dented Proceedings, Your Grace will observe That the Care =dented Proceedings, Your Grace will observe That the Care
jealousee of a Warr, seems not only held by the Vice Roy as a jealousee of a Warr, seems not only held by the Vice Roy as a
Sufficient Cause for the Detention of the Companys Strips & Sufficient Cause for the Detention of the Companys Strips &
Effects Effects