Iouth Sea House 16th Nov. 1727 South Sea House 16^th Nov^r. 1727
Sor Sir
Mr apate Mr Bumpsted
I am orderd by the Court of Derectors to devere you to attend a Conce I am orderd by the Court of Directors to desire you to attend a Comee
at the South Seastown to moron Morning at 9.10. I am at the South Sea House to morrow Morning at 9.10. I am
the lke was sent the like was sent
Sir Sir
to Conham to Mr Canham
Your hund Serd Your humb Ser^t
Answ 17. Nov. Answ^d. 17. Nov.
DWescomb D Wescomb
Siir Sir
Byoder of the Court of Dirctors Iurk yon the 27 A ast Byoder of the Court of Directors I wroke you the 27 Oct. Last
That they exfected you would forthwith pay in to Mr Debrots the Companys That they expected you would forthwith pay in to Mr Debrots the Companys
Eashire for the use of the Company the sum of 1656. $ 327. you acknowledge Cashire for the use of the Company the sum of 16561. $ 3 1/2 r . you acknowledge
to have in your hands of the Companys lash Which you not having yet to have in your hands of the Companys Cash Which you not having yet
Complied with I am again order'd to repeat their directions for your Complied with I am again order'd to repeat their directions for your
imediate compliance. imediate compliance.
Sam I am
o mnost humble servant Yo^r most humble servant
fouth Seattoure South Sea House
17 Nov 1727 17 Nov 1727
DWesomb D. Wesomb
6 Answ 24. d.  answ^d 24. d.
Aumpted . Mr Bumpsted Esq^r .
The like Letter verbatin was at the same time wrote to Mr Canham The like Letter verbatim was at the same time wrote to Mr Canham
May 16 please Yr Grace May 16 please Yo^r Grace
of Newcastle  D of Newcastle
Our Mr Ragg a Considerable Mercht of this City having been so Our Mr Ragg a Considerable Mercht of this City having been so
kind as to bring to the Court of Directors of the South sea Company Extract of a Letter kind as to bring to the Court of Directors of the South sea Company Extract of a Letter
wth he lately received from South Caroline, concerning the Serure & Confiscation w^th he lately received from South Carolina, concerning the Seizure & Confiscation
of all English Effects at Laterafrus; By their Order I humbly transmit a Copy of all English Effects at La Vera Cruz; By their Order I humbly transmit a Copy
to Gr Geace and an with the greatat deference Yor Graces Most Obedt & monrt to Yo^r Grace and an with the greatest deference Yo^r Graces Most Obed^t & most
faithful sunnd servt faithful humb serv^t
South Sea House South Sea House
D Wescomb D Wescomb
18th Novr 1727 18^th Novr 1727