The first is that Capt King would not The first is that Capt King would not
Suffer a Second Visit wth the said Govern Suffer a Second Visit wth the said Govern
insisted on upon Information of some insisted on upon Information of some
Illicit Goods on board & to avoid which Illicit Goods on board & to avoid which
he run over with his Ship to the Por he run over with his Ship to the Por
ruquere Colony. This is a Fact undoutbted ruquere Colony. This is a Fact undoutbted
ly true, and the Company are to this ly true, and the Company are to this
Tay at Variance with him for ye Damage Tay at Variance with him for ye Damage
they sustain'd by his withdrawing from they sustain'd by his withdrawing from
Buinos Ayres He the Capt on the other Buinos Ayres He the Capt on the other
hand Insists that He Rad no Iilicit hand Insists that He Rad no Iilicit
Goods, and that it was not in any appre Goods, and that it was not in any appre
hension of that kind that he refused hension of that kind that he refused
this 2d Visit. That he Offerd to submit this 2d Visit. That he Offerd to submit
to it If the Govd would have done it in a to it If the Govd would have done it in a
Pacifick Manner, but as he came with Pacifick Manner, but as he came with
an armed force he suspected some Hastill an armed force he suspected some Hastill
Resign and therefore refusdit, Insisting Resign and therefore refusdit, Insisting
that it was Contrary to the Conditions that it was Contrary to the Conditions
of the Treaty, under the 22d Art thereof of the Treaty, under the 22d Art thereof
As the Company are still in Dispute As the Company are still in Dispute
with this Capt. They hope for some frte with this Capt. They hope for some frte
proof of fact, that may onable them wt. proof of fact, that may onable them wt.
evident Justice to obtain Compleat Satis evident Justice to obtain Compleat Satis
faction from him and to Discharge him faction from him and to Discharge him
their service. For they are by no means their service. For they are by no means
Inclind to protect Capt underany Inclind to protect Capt underany
Mesbehaviour Mesbehaviour
The other Capt Complains of is The other Capt Complains of is
one Fran Williams of whom Security one Fran Williams of whom Security
was taken in 6000 Dollar not to bring was taken in 6000 Dollar not to bring
overa fortain Spaniard Don Gabinsde overa fortain Spaniard Don Gabinsde
puveds who never the lss as is said brught puveds who never the lss as is said brught
over other Spaniards over other Spaniards
It is also Alledge in the said It is also Alledge in the said
Memorial against this Capt another Memorial against this Capt  another
That they had brought several sums of That they had brought several sums of
Money on Account of Private Ponons Money on Account of Private Ponons
It is to be Observd here that nei It is to be Observd here that nei
ther the Spaniards brought over are ther the Spaniards brought over are
nam'e nor the sums of Money Specify nam'e nor the sums of Money Specify
nor for whore Account, The Charge being nor for whore Account, The Charge being