More Liberty to attend the Affair of the said Company More Liberty to attend the Affair of the said Company
Your Petitioners therefore Humbly Pray that Your Petitioners therefore Humbly Pray that
the Court of Directors may be Dischargd from giving the Court of Directors may be Discharg'd from giving
any upprobation of the Trusties Proceedings or any any approbation of the Trustees Proceedings or any
Orders or Instructions therein and the Settling and Orders or Instructions therein and the Settling and
Determining the Value of the said Estates Determining the Value of the said Estates
And your Petitioners shall ever pray &c And your Petitioners shall ever pray &
Sr Thomas Fredcuck S^r Thomas Fredcuck
Sam Clarke Sam Clarke
Nathl Michlethwaite Nath^.l Michlethwaite
Tho Ayle Tho^.s Ayles
James Metcalfe James Metcalfe
Wm Brooke W^m Brooke
Robert Michele Robert Michele
Tho Gearing Tho^.s Gearing
John Nicole John Nicole
John Gorrard ot D Fillerde John Gizzardot {D'Tilli.....}
Capt James Of borne Capt James  Osborne
Cap. Samuel Jones Cap^t. Samuel Jones
Thomas Pearce Thomas Pearce
Edmund Keene Edmund Keene
Samuel Pitt Samuel Pitt
Benjamin Lethiculter Benjamin [Lethiculler]
Mathew Raper Mathew Raper
John Lloy'd John Lloyd
Robert Wood Robert Wood
Gentll Gent^.n
Mr Jno Mayne of St. Sepulchers Tobacconist having applied to M^r. Jn^.o Mayne of St. Sepulchers Tobacconist having applied to
the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company for relief with respect to ₤300 Lollery the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company for relief with respect to ₤300 Sallery
Annuctes which he alledges were not subscribd and the same having been Examined Annunites which he alledges were not subscribd and the same having been Examined
into it appears that there was subscribd ₤300 of those Annuitys in the Name of into it appears that there was subscribd ₤300 of those Annuitys in the Name of
John Main of St Martins in the Fields and that in the Bank Books it stands Enqt John Main of St Martins in the Fields and that in the Bank Books it stands Viz^t
No 2825 Jno Mayne of St. Sepulchers Tobacconist No 2825 Jn^o Mayne of St. Sepulchers Tobacconist
£315:2:0 £345:2:0
7 2862 Tnt Main of S. Martins in the Tulds Rocee N^o 2862 Jn^o Main of S. Martins in the Field [Recei] Givcer
300 1 300 1
And the Clerte at the Sub Book enterd it John Main but by Mistake And the Clerk at the Sub^n Book enterd it John Main but by Mistake
took it off from No 2825 instead of No 2862 And in the South Sea Lrdger fol 344 took it off from No 2825 instead of No 2862 And in the South Sea Lerdger[ fol] 344
it stands John Main of St Martins in the Fields or St Sepulchers, & it is also so it stands John Main of St Martins in the Fields or St Sepulchers, & it is also so
mentioned in the Lists or Schedules deliberd to the Bante, and they have writt the mentioned in the Lists or Schedules deliverd to the Bank, and they have writt the
same off from No. 2820 same off from No. 2825
John Main of St Martins has received the Dividends at the South tee to John Main of St Martins has received the Dividends at the South Sea H^o
but not at the Bauk but not at the Bank
This This