Factorys. This is matter of Surprize to us Since the Spanish Orders Factorys. This is matter of Surprize to us Since the Spanish Orders
to the Several Vice Roys and Govd in the Indies for a Restitution & to the Several Vice Roys and Govd in the Indies for a Restitution &
Reestablishment conformable to the Proliminarys were deliver'd Reestablishment conformable to the Proliminarys were deliver'd
to the Govr of Carthagena by the Lieutent of the Greyhound Man to the Govr of Carthagena by the Lieutent of the Greyhound Man
of Warr from this Instance of Carthagena, By the Governors of Warr from this Instance of Carthagena, By the Governors
Saying he must have his Sovereigns Orders We greatly fear he Saying he must have his Sovereigns Orders We greatly fear he
means Express Orders Sign'd by his CM himself means Express Orders Sign'd by his CM himself
This we think it our Duty to make your Grace acquaine This we think it our Duty to make your Grace acquaine
ted with that such proper measures may be taken & Instructions ted with that such proper measures may be taken & Instructions
given hereupon, as to your Grace shall seem meet given hereupon, as to your Grace shall seem meet
We have annead hereto, the Transcript of these advices, We have annead hereto, the Transcript of these advices,
for your Graces better Information. for your Graces better Information.
South Sea House South Sea House
10t Octr 1728 10t Octr 1728
By order of the Court of Directors By order of the Court of Directors
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Dist of Papers annued to the above Mem. Dist of Papers annexed to the above Meml.
Extract of Mr Batters Letter to the Court dated 7 July 1728 Extract of Mr Pratters Letter to the Court dated 7 July 1728
Copy of Thompson & Butchers Letter Do. 24 Do Copy of Thompson & Butchers Letter Do. 24 Do
Copy of Thompson's Lres to the Govd & Royal Offer at Cartageora Copy of Thompson's Lres to the Govr & Royal Offer at Cartageora
Copy of the Govd and Royal Officers answer thereto Copy of the Govr and Royal Officers answer thereto
Copy of Dabzels Lre to the Court of Directors Copy of Dalzels Lre to the Court of Directors
Copy of Govr of St Jago de Cubas Answer to Dabzel Copy of Govr of St Jago de Cubas Answer to Dabzel
Extract of Mr Pratters Letter of the 3d August last Extract of Mr Pratters Letter of the 3d August last