
To Sir
I reced your Letter of the 15 Instant in relation to the Companys I reced your Letter of the 15 Instant in relation to the Companys
Mr. Bumpster Mr. Bumpsted
demand of the 16 Thousand and odd hundred pcices of Eight, which I shall Com- demand of the 16 Thousand and odd hundred pieces of Eight, which I shall Com-
-municate to the Gentlemen in the Direction. -municate to the Gentlemen in the Direction.
They observe that you have not Sent the Letters, Papers, Accounts They observe that you have not Sent the Letters, Papers, Accounts
and Books weit to you for the 27 Novem and 9 Instant, Inon by their Order and Books unit to you for the 27 Novem and 9 Instant,  now by their Order
again write to you for them, and particularly they desire you to let them have again write to you for them, and particularly they desire you to let them have
the Original Letter about the Affair with Beavo, there being a present Occad the Original Letter about the Affair with Beavo, there being a present Occas
=ionforch. =i on for it
And whereas the 8 Clause of your Letter of the 24 March 1724 And whereas the 8 Clause of your Letter of the 24 March 1724
runs thus biz As to some Inadvertencys and Errors he (Donniss) may have runs thus biz As to some Inadvertencys and Errors he (Donniss) may have
a fallon into Since the notice of his Suspension, they may in great measure be owing a fallon into Since the notice of his Suspension, they may in great measure be owing
& to Strange Impressions given him by some more than ordinary officious Friends & to Strange Impressions given him by some more than ordinary officious Friends
from London, that may have hurried him into Some Actions, that at other times from London, that may have burried him into Some Actions, that at other times
I have Charity Enough to think that he would by no means be guilty of &e I have Charity Enough to think that he would by no means be guilty of &e
This the Directors desire you to Explain that they may know the Genuine This the Directors desire you to Explain that they may know the Genuine
Souse of the motter for their Information with regard to Mr Donnip's Conduct Souse of the matter for their Information with regard to Mr Donnip's Conduct
and behaviour, please to give your Answer by Tuesday. I am and behaviour, please to give your Answer by Tuesday. I am
Sir your most humble Servt Sir your most humble Servt
South Sea House South Sea House
16 Deceivr 1727 16 Deceivr 1727
D. Wascomb. D. Wascomb.
Answerd 12 Jau7 Answerd 12 Jan 7
South leastored 19t Dect 177 South leastored 19t Dect 177
Sir, Sir,
Wr Lyell M^r Lyell
I am directed to acquaint you That you are devired not to I am directed to acquaint you That you are devired not to
fail to be in Chancery Lane on friday Morning at 9 or 10 o Clock to be examine fail to be in Chancery Lane on friday Morning at 9 or 10 o Clock to be examined
for the Company, And if you will call at the Office of Mr North at Mercht for the Company, And if you will call at the Office of Mr North at Mercht
Taylors Ball in Shreadneedle Street, One of his Clerks will go with You, & Taylors Ball in Threadneedle Street, One of his Clerks will go with You, &
bear Your Expences. I am bear Your Expences. I am
Sir Sir
Yr Round Serv6 Yr Head Serv^t
D Wescomb D Wescomb