15 45
Mr Le Gros Secretary M^r Le Gros Secretary
of the Bank of England of the Bank of England
The General Court of the South Sea The Genetral Court of the South Sea
Company having this day come to a Resolution, whereof inclosed is a Company having this day come to a Resolution, whereof inclosed is a
Copy, I am Orderd by the Court of Directors to deliver it to you that Copy, I am Orderd by the Court of Directors to deliver it to you that
you may Communicate the same to the Court of Directors of the you may Communicate the same to the Court of Directors of the
Bank of England Iam Bank of England I am
Mercht Tailors Hall Merch^t Tailors Hall
Your most humble Serv Your most humble Serv^t
24th. Jany. 1721. 24^th.  Jan^y. 1721.
DW. Secy DW. Sec^y.
Sir Wm. Con Knot Sir W^m. Eon Kn^t.
S^r
I have it in Command from Sir John Eyles I have it in Command from Sir John Eyles
to acquaint you That the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company to acquaint you That the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company
being put off from sitting to morrow, occasioned by a meeting to be had being put off from sitting to morrow, occasioned by a meeting to be had
with the Directors of the Bank of England. You will please not to with the Directors of the Bank of England. You will please not to
Give your Self the trouble of coming. When this Court will certainly Give your Self the trouble of coming. When this Court will certainly
sitt, I will do my self the Honour to acquaint you thereof. I am sitt, I will do my self the Honour to acquaint you thereof. I am
Sir, Sir
South Sea House South Sea House
Your most humble and Your most humble and
Hensday 31 Jan 12212 Wensday 31^st Jan^y. 1721/2 
Most Obedient Terv Most Obedient Serv.^ts 
D W. Sec D W. Sec^ry 
Robert Thea Robert Shea
Sir Sir
The Court of Directors not being to meet to moreow The Court of Directors not being to meet tomorrow
as usual occasioned by an extr7 Affair, I have by Ser John Eyles's Comand as usual occasioned by an [extr.] Affair, I have by Sir John Eyles's Comand
acquainted Dr Wm Contherewith by the enclosed Letter wch you will please acquainted S^r W^m Eon therewith by the enclosed Letter wch. you will please
in time to deliver to him that he may not be Disappointed. I am in time to deliver to him that he may not be Disappointed. I am
South Sea House South Sea House
S. Your most humble Servt S.^ Your most humble Servt
Hensday 31 Janl 172 12 Wensday 31 Jan^y 172 1/2
D W. Secy D W. Sec^ry.