29 222
Sir Sir
Irecd. Your Letter of this day, date and should have sont you I rec'd. Your Letter of this day, date and should have sent you
Tra Lymly. Tra Lynn Esq^r.
an answer in writing to your former of the 1t Jnst. But that our Court an answer in writing to your former of the 1^st Just. But that our Court
being sitting at the very time it was brought me I was prevented in being sitting at the very time it was brought me I was prevented in
it and had sust time to refer your Messr to Mr Faughcer he knowng it and had just time to refer your Mess^r to Mr Slaughter he knowing
best the Situation of that Affair. It seems Mr Slaughtertold him best the Situation of that Affair. It seems Mr Slaughter told him
that the Comrs. had not as yet come to a determination among thom that the Com^ee. had not as yet come to a determination among them
selves but that as soon as they did, they would appoint a Meeting =selves but that as soon as they did, they would appoint a Meeting
with your Gentlemen which is all I can still say save that with your Gentlemen which is all I can still say save that
Ile to what I can to put the matter forwards Iam I'le do what I can to put the matter forward I am
Sir Sir
Your most humble Sert Your most humble Serv^t
SSea House SSea House
20th June 1727 20^th June 1727
D Wescoub D Wescomb
Sir Sir
I comunicated to the Comittee Your Letter of the 14th Just I comunicated to the Comittee Your Letter of the 14th Just
M. Brmngphed 6o. W^m. Bumpsted Esq^r.
concerning the Book &c and the mistake in bringing you Ove chest for concerning the Book &c and the mistake in bringing you One  chest for
another, But not having seen or heard about them since I am directed another, But not having seen or heard about them since I am directed
to remind you of sending them to me forthwith. I am to remind you of sending them to me forthwith. I am
Sir Sir
Your most humble Sert. Your most humble Serv^t.
DSea House SSea House
20 June 1727 20 June 1727
DWescomb DWescomb
Angw 21 Do Answ^d 21 Do
165 Sir
The south see Company being about to dispatch their sloop, called The South Sea Company being about to dispatch their sloop, called
the Assiento Nathan Uring Mat for Jamaica, which is intended to procede the the Assiento Nathan'l Uring Ma^ss for Jamaica, which is intended to procede the
the latter end of this week; I am order'd by the Court of Directors to acquaint you the latter end of this week; I am order'd by the Court of Directors to acquaint you
therewith, that in case their Lords have any Comands to go by her, They may make therewith, that in case their Lords have any Comands to go by her, They may make
use of this opportunity use of this opportunity
I am I am
Durckett Jos^h Burchett Esq^r
Dr mostobedt humb st Yo^r most obed^t humble S^t
4 July 1727 4 July 1727
D.W. D.W.
Answerd ye 50 Answerd ye 5.d