146 146
it will meet with a Trust Consure, and that Orders will be forthwith I perd it will meet with a just Consure, and that Orders will be forthwith Issued
for the disimbargment of the Money and preventing the like Violences for the for the disimbargment of the Money, and preventing the like Violences for the
future. I am future. I am
for Sir
Your most humd Servt Your most hum.^l [Humbel] Serv.^t [Servant]
D. Wescomb D: Wescomb
Souch Sea House 28 Octor. 1725 South Sea House 28 Octo.^r [October] 1725
Semarth Plimouth
Cat. Yoaron Cap:^t [Captain] Youron.
Your Letter from Slimouth of the 23 Instant was this day Your Letter from Plimouth of the 23^d Instant was this day
laid before a Court of Directors, by whose Order I am to acquaint you that laid before a Court of Directors, by whose Order I am to acquaint you that
they are come to a determination to Consign your Sloop and Cargo to Mess they are come to a determination to Consign your Sloop and Cargo to Mess^rs [Messenger]
uout mouth
Halsey and Cressence at Hambro to which place you are to proceed without Halsey and Cressence at Hambro to which place you are to proceed without
loss of time, provided your Sloop is in a Capacity So to do, and if not, that you loss of time, provided your Sloop is in a Capacity So to do, and if not, that you
will aderse me thereof for their further Directions. will advise me thereof for their further Directions.
They are sory for the bad Wealther you have mot with butheore They are sorry for the bad Weather you have met with, but hope
the Cargo has notreed much Dammage. the Cargo has noticed much dammage.
They observe your Men are at 50 P Month, but as it is in the They observe your Men are at 50:^s P Month, but as it is in the
option of the Court of Directors to determine the Voyage in England, you ae option of the Court of Directors to determine the Voyage in England, you are
to discharge the Men, and such as will Enter at the usual pay at the place to discharge the Men, and such as will Enter at the usual pay at the place
where this reaches you, may Serve again, and as to Such as will not acceptel where this reaches you, may Serve again, and as to Such as will not accept it,
youare to take in other sailors in their Room as you Judge necssary for you are to take in other sailors in their Room as you Judge necessary for
Murgatig navigating