244 244
Sir, Sir,
The Accot of the toyages of the Ship Bellamont Capt. Bennet The Acco^t of the Voyages of the Ship Bellamont Capt^n. Bennet
Mr Rigby
from hence to Africa & Jamaica, and thence & agreement with your Self and Mr from hence to Africa & Jamaica, and thence & agreement with your Self and Mr
Pratter to Havana and So to lnope being referred to Arbitration You are dosined by the Pratter to Havana and So to Europe being referred to Arbitration You are desired by the
Gentlemen to be here to moreon at 12 to Inform thom (if you can) of the Terms of the Gentlemen to be here to morron at 12 to Inform them (if you can) of the Terms of the
Agrament you made with said Captain for his boyage to Havang and To home Agreement you made with said Captain for his voyage to Havana and To home
For it does not appear by any of your Lotters that you have sent the Company For it does not appear by any of your Lotters that you have sent the Company
Copy of your Agreement or acquainted them with the Terms thereof. I am Copy of your Agreement or acquainted them with the Terms thereof. I am
Southe Ser House South Sea House
Or Jor most humbleserd yo^r most humble Serv^nt
12th Decr. 1727
W.S. W.S.
Sir Sir
Your Lotter of the 4t Instant containing your Assology for Your Lotter of the 4th Instant containing your Apology for
Wm. Bumpared of
for not paying into the Company the Sixteen Thousand odd hundred ps of to for not paying into the Company the Sixteen Thousand odd hundred ps of to
demanded of you I laid before the Court of Directors; In answer to which they have demanded of you I laid before the Court of Directors; In answer to which they have
orderd mne to acquaint you, That they do not admitt your Commission to be any order^d me to acquaint you, That they do not admitt your Commission to be any
Carr or Excuse for your not imediately paying them that money. For your Comission Carr or Excuse for your not imediately paying them that money. For your Commission
cannot be known till the produce of the Voyage is adjusted, nor do they applehend cannot be known till the produce of the Voyage is adjusted, nor do they apprehend
your Comission due till that is done. They hope you will comply with this pay your Commission due till that is done. They hope you will comply with this pay
son it
-ment without putting them under the necessity of Suing you, and let me have -ment without putting them under the necessity of Suing you, and let me have
your answer between this and Tyday next; I am your answer between this and Fryday next; I am
Iin your most humble Serd Sir Yo^r mlst Humble Serv^t
Jarth Ser Harse South Sea Company
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
12 Dec. 1727 12 Dec. 1727
Auswerd 17 Ditto Answer^d 15 Ditto