234 234
15 Sir
As the Lords of the Committee hav put off the Hearing on the Company As the Lords of the Committee have put off the Hearing on the Company
Seption hill wensday evening. It is incumbent outls to loce no time infreparing Petition hill wensday evening. It is incumbent outls to lose no time inpreparing
Matters; I have given notice to Mr Righy of it, I have also sumond the Comittee Matters; I have given notice to Mr Rigby of it, I have also sumond the Comittee
for Tusday next 10. 11. Herewith you have an Abstract of All Lroaedings from the for Tusday next 10. 11. Herewith you have an Abstract of All procedings from the
very beginning of the Companys Application againt the Dutys complaind of very beginning of the Companys Application againt the Dutys complaind of
I alsosend you Copies of the papers themselves mention'd in said Abstract, and I also send you Copies of the papers themselves mention'd in said Abstract, and
some other papers which will effectially snable you to draw the Brief some other papers which will effectually snable you to draw the Brief
I have been with Mr Cambrer who tells me it will be Material that the Councit I have been with Mr pambier who tells me it will be Material that the Council
shoud have the Briefs by Saturday night or monday morning at farthest, You will shoud have the Briefs by Saturday night or Monday morning at farthest, You will
therefore lt Mrc Gamber have one by that Time, and Mr Wills the Council D Wood therefore let Mr Gambier have one by that Time, and Mr Wills the Council D^r. Wood
propos'd another, And if Teanexplain any Matter Iam ready upon Notice propos'd another, And if i can explain any Matter I am ready upon Notice
Iam I am
130Atr727 130  Oct. 1727.
McClarke Mr Clarke
for Apr hmbesent Sir  Yo^r Humble Servant 
D.W D.W
South Sea House 20t Octr 1727 South Sea House 20t Octr 1727
Thos Sir 
The Comnce of Council who are to Consider the Comps Petition having The Comee of Council who are to Consider the Comp^a Petition having
given Notice of their Resolution to meet thereupon at 6 this Evening at the given Notice of their Resolution to meet thereupon at 6 this Evening at the
Council Office Whitehall You are desired to meet the rest of the Comce who Council Office Whitehall, You are desired to meet the rest of the Comee who
heave the Care of this Matter at that time & place. I am have the Care of this Matter at that time & place. I am
sent to the Comrs. sent to the Com^ee.
Sir, Sir,
Jor most Obed Serol Yo^r Most Obed^t Serv^t 
D Wescomb D. Wescomb