an account be forthwith drawn and deliver'd to you an Account be forthwith drawn and deliver'd to you_
Asto the 3 Article wherein you desire that this Courte As to the 3^d Article wherein you desire that this Court will
determin nothing relating to the Assents without first comunicating determin nothing relating to the Assents without first comunicating the
same to you in writing and having your Opinion thereon They pe Same to you in writing and having your Opinion thereon_____ They (prestion?)
of and Satuatoy
you mean only matter of Moment, as the sending out shipsand the you mean only matters of Moment, as the sending out ships and (?)
of the Ansual shig & her large and the ports of the Annual ship & her large and the ports
to which tney are aesignd, The Establishing any New Factorys, or any new to which they are design'd, The Establishing any New Factorys, or any new
Regulation with regard to the Carrying on the Trade and supplying the Regulation with regard to the Carrying on the Trade and supplying the
Indies with Negroes, with which they will readily comply. They being desred Indies with Negroes, with which they will readily comply. They being (deserve?)
of taking your Advice and Assistance for promoting the Trade and the Effectio of taking your Advice and Assistance for promoting the Trade and the Effection
carrying on the same as well for the Interest of his CM as the Company carrying on the same as well for the Interest of his C:M. as the Company
And as to the 4 and last Article wherein you desire that the And as to the 4^th and last Article wherein you desire that the
Secretary may have orders to Comunicate to you, the Contents and such Secretary may have Orders to Comunicate to you, the Contents and such
Abstracts as you shall require of all Letters from the Factorys Abroad by Abstracts as you shall require of all Letters from the Factorys Abroad by
which it is presumd you mean an account of all material Advices un which it is presum'd you mean an account of all material Advices un-
cerning the Flotas and Gallcones or the Commerce in the Indies, Abrue -cerning the Flotas and Gallcones or the Commerce in the Indies, Abrises
which may be comitted by any of his CM Officers to the prejudice of the which may be comitted by any of his C:M. Officers to the prejudice of the
Company and Consequently of his CM. Interest, as also touching any Company and Consequently of his C:M. Interest, as also touching any
Cedulas which may be necessary for the Company to Iutreat of His 61h Cedulas which may be necessary for the Company to Intreat of His C:M.
for the better carrying on the Assients Or touching any Clandestine Frade for the better carrying on the Assents Or touching any Clandestine Trade
carried on the prejudice of his EM Interest and chat of the Companyt carried on in the prejudice of his CM^s Interest and chat of the Company which
the Court of Directors shall allways look upon as inseperable so long a the the Court of Directors shall allways look upon as inseperable so long as he
EM does the Company the Honour of continuing a Partner with them be C:M. does the Company the Honour of continuing a Partner with them and 
concening any other matters, whicl they Judge worthy your Notice. Ther concening any other matters, which they Judge worthy your Notice. There
Informacons the Court of Directors are very desirous you should have from In formations the Court of Directors are very desirous you should have from
time to time And they will give their Secretary directions accordingly time to time And they will give their Secretary directions accordingly
Byorder of the Court of Diuctor By order of the Court of Directors
London 17 Jany. 1722 London 17: Jan^y. 1722
D. Wescomb s D. Wescomb Sec^y
Sent Do Die Sent Do Die
The Court having this day taken up the ship Castaet las S^r The Court having this day taken up the Ship Cartarel  Cap^tn Op(?)
To the Ceraler To the Chevalier
Commander for a Voynge to Angola and Buenos Ayres with 350 Regres S Commander for a Voyage to Angola and Buenos Ayres with 350 Negroes (?)
Con Eon
proper to acquaint you therewith, and beleive the said Ship will sail abu proper to acquaint you therewith, and beleive the said Ship will sail about the
Po your most Obed him Sen S^r your most Obed^t  humble Servant 
latter End of Next Month I am Latter End of Next Month _ I am
So Sea House London South  Sea House London
W.J. W.S.
29 Jan 1722 24th Jan^y 1722