240 240
Mr Pmpsled Mr Bumpsted
Sir, Sir,
A Committee howere appointed to enquireinto the Condua A Committee who were appointed to enquireinto the Conduct
and management of the Panama and Porto belo Factors, having on Freday last and management of the Panama and Porto belo Factors, having on Freday last,
read over the separate Instructions that were given you, and the other Supra read over the separate Instructions that were given you, and the other Supra
Cargoes of the Royal George for Examining into Sundry aboues, alledged Cargoes of the Royal George for Examining into Sundry abuses, alledged
to have been Comitted by them or some of them, and also your report thereupon to have been Comitted by them or some of them, and also your report thereupon
Containd in your Letters from Panama of the 24 March 17215 & 15 Apfollow Containd in your Letters from Panama of the 24^th March 172 1/5 & 15 Ap^l follow
And observing that, with those Instructions, they gave you some Original And observing that, with those Instructions, they gave you some Original
Letter and papers, and that your Report takes notice of other Letters papers Letter and papers, and that your Report takes notice of other Letters papers
and accounts which you had by you, and particularly an Original Letter and accounts which you had by you, and particularly an Original Letter
from Mr Denness to Messrs Blechynden & Bulpen dated Octob Pt 1723 from Mr Denniss to Messrs Bleehepuden & Bulpen dated Octob^t Pt 1723
concerning an affair with Bravo, and Acct of the Reprisalin at Lima concerning an affair with Bravo, and Acc^t of the Reprisalia at Lina
& panama, the Committee Direct me to write to you for them I must & panama, the Committee Direct me to write to you for them I must
therefore devsire you to let me have them as soon as possible, there being therefore desire you to let me have them as soon as possible, there being
an imediate occasion for them. I am an imediate occasion for them. I am
Sr Sr
S. Sea house S^o. Sea house
Yourmost Bund Servt Your most humb Serv^t
27 Nov. 1727 27^th Nov. 1727.
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Ansud. 4 decemb Answ^d. 4 decemb
Sir, Sir,
The Comittee desire you to be at Mr Norths at Merchant Taylor The Comittee desire you to be at Mr Norths at Merchant Taylor
Cap: Phillips Cap^t Phillips
Hall Threadneedle Street, to morrow at 3 a Clock in the afternoon, and he will duect Hall Threadneedle Street, to morrow at 3 a Clock in the afternoon, and he will direct
what is further to be done. I am what is further to be done. I am
Sir your humbl Servt Sir your humb^e Serv^t
To Sea House So Sea House
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
29 Nov. 1727 29 Nov^r. 1727
NB the above Lottor mutatis mutandis N B the above Lettor mutatis mutandis
was saut to Messrs Atber, Griffith, Syoll was saut to Mess^rs Atber, Griffith, Syoll,
Dickson, Mates of the RG & Scott, Cayenten Dickson, Mates of the R:G & Scott, Cazpoaten