The folosing n he Cortifcate menond nthepem The following is  the Certifcate mecond in the foregoing 
Letter to his Exy. the Marquis of Pozo bueno Letter to his Exy. the Marquis of Pozo bueno
This is to Certify all whom it doth or may Concern That then This is to Certify all whom it doth or may Concern That then
Royal Assiento Company of Great Britain Haveno h Royal Assiento Company of Great Britain Have not Paid 
any money on his C. Mr Assignment or Order on the said Cont any money on his C. Mr Assignment or Order on the said Company
dated in Madred the 13 Octr 175 on accot of a pension granted b dated in Madrid the 13 Octr 175 on accot of a pension granted by
His C.M to Dona Cathalina Casado Daughter to the Marguis of His C.M to Dona Cathalina Casado Daughter to the Marquis of
Monteleon of Five hundred pieces of Eight yearly_ which was Monteleon of Five hundred pieces of Eight yearly_ which was
afterwards by a Dispatch of the 6h April 1716 directed by his said afterwards by a Dispatch of the 6h April 1716 directed by his said
Majesty to be paid to the Order of Don Pedro Casadoy Rosales, and Majesty to be paid to the Order of Don Pedro Casado y Rosales, and
Revoked as to said Lady) on account of her Marriage Revoked as to said Lady) on account of her Marriage
Done in London 6 day of December 1722 Done in London 6 day of December 1722
By order of the Court of Directors of By order of the Court of Directors of
the Royal Assiento Company the Royal Assiento Company
Do Wand Scrtang D: Wescomb Secretary.
Sir Sir
I reed your tre of yesterdays date Enclosing An Extract of ab I rec.d  your tre of yesterdays date Enclosing An Extract of a letter
you had recd from the Duke of Arcos, And have this day another from you Allagn you had recd from the Duke of Arcos, And have this day another from you All upon
the e Subject of the Duke of Banoe's Assignment which I this day Comunicated the e Subject of the Duke of Banoe's Assignment which I this day Comunicated
to the Court of Directors; by whose Comand I am to acquaint you, That they appoa to the Court of Directors; by whose Comand I am to acquaint you, That they appoa
They have good Reasons to hesitate with regard to the payments desired: But that they They have good Reasons to hesitate with regard to the payments desired: But that they
intend very soon to write to their Agent at Madrid upon the Subject of the several intend very soon to write to their Agent at Madrid upon the Subject of the several
Assignments on the Company_ and they hope it will not be long before ore the difficullys Assignments on the Company_ and they hope it will not be long before ore the difficultys
relating thereto will be Adjusted whereby they may have it in their power to Satsfy this relating thereto will be Adjusted whereby they may have it in their power to Satisfy this
To Dr. Bernards To Dr. Bernards
particular Assignment as well as others with Safety to the Company. It being their particular Assignment as well as others with Safety to the Company. It being their
Expeleta Expeleta
sevy to y so Andasty Disposition to do every thing in their lower a Comply with His C. Mr Cedules sevy to y so Andasty Disposition to do every thing in their lower a Comply with His C. Mr Cedules
South Sea House South Sea House
I am I am
6 Decr 1722 6 Decr 1722
for r nont nle . yr. most obed Humble Serv.
D. Wescamb D. Wescomb
My Lord My Lord
I have the Honow of your Exqs tore of the 1d Mnots and have Commentiated its Contene o I have the Honour of your Exqs tore of the 1d Mnots and have Comunicated its Contents  o
court of Directors together with the 2tres enclosd from ye Govr of Porto bells And have it i Co court of Directors together with the 2tres enclosd from ye Govr of Porto bells And have it in Comand
acquaint your Exqr That They are glad the Certificate for Don Ledro Cassado was to your satisfacton acquaint your Exqr That They are glad the Certificate for Don Ledro Cassado was to your satisfacton
and as to the pretension of the Tovr of Lorto belle, it is of such a nature that it will require some and as to the pretension of the Gov.r of Porto belle, it is of such a nature that it will require some
Oeliberation, and therefore they cannot return an imediate Answer But as it stands Refers to a Deliberation, and therefore they cannot return an imediate Answer But as it stands Refers to a
His Ca His Ex
reMarguise reMarguise
Committee it will be Consider'd at a poper time When due regard with be had to your Ext e Committee it will be Consider'd at a proper time When due regard will be had to your Ext e
Bzo bueno Bzo bueno
the pea anbass the pea anbass
I am withgre at Respets hy lords yor Exrs Most teden o I am withgre at Respets hy lords yor Exrs Most teden o
1o Seatt So Seatt

13 Decr 1722 13 Decr 1722
gu gu
Mostl Mostl