Sro Sir
Comrs of the Comrs of the
I an directed by the Committee appointed to treat with the Royal Afre I an directed by the Committee appointed to treat with the Royal African
Company, to send you the enclosed Draught of the Contract between this Companyd Company, to send you the enclosed Draught of the Contract between this Company and 
yours, which Draught the said Committee take to be the sense of the heads of your yours, which Draught the said Committee take to be the sense of the heads of your
Draught ofy Contract Draught of y^e Contract
sent sent
Companys Proposals, and of the several Debates had thereupon, And the same will Companys Proposals, and of the several Debates had thereupon, And the same will be
said before our Court of Directors. But as they may not meet till thursday nex said before our Court of Directors. But as they may not meet till thursday next
Jral Lyn Esqr it usentyou for you Company s pencsa in the mean time Fra Lynn Esqr it is sent you for your Companys perusal in the mean time
12 March 1721 12 March 1721.
I am I am
Yor ort Oedient fervant Yo^r most Obedient servant
W.S. W.S.
SSir Sir
Drastefthe Draft of the 
Inmy tre of the 12th Inst Isentyou Copy of the Contract In my tre of the 12th Inst  I sent you Copy of the Contract
between the two Companys, and acquainted you that the same would be laid by between the two Companys, and acquainted you that the same would be laid before
the Court of Directors of this Company as yesterday Which having been accordingly the Court of Directors of this Company as yesterday Which having been accordingly
Contract Read Contract Read
done I am Order'd to acquaint you that the Draught was Approved of and ha done I am Order'd to acquaint you that the Draught was Approved of and two
and approved. and approved.
Parte are to be Engrossd in order to lass the seals of each respective Company Parts are to be Engross'd in order to pass the seals of each respective Company
which when eady shall send you one of them and let you know the time for which when ready shall send you one of them and let you know the time for
Jas Sym Esqr Fra Lynn Esqr.
Exchanging the same Exchanging the same
I am I am
Sir Sir
16 March 1721 16 March 1721
or most Obedt Sev or most Obed^t Sev
W.S. W.S.
120 Sir
Agreeable to mine of the 16th Inst Iherewith send you One part of the Agreeable to mine of the 16th Inst I herewith send you One part of the
Contract between the Two Companys for your Seal, And am to acquaint you that Contract between the Two Companys for your Seal, And am to acquaint you that
the seal of this Company will be put to the other part thereof, as I presume thi the seal of this Company will be put to the other part thereof, as I presume this [?]
Contractsent Contract sent
to that an Exchange may be made this foreroon of your Self or some of your ent to that an Exchange may be made this foreroon if your Self or some of your [?]
Fra Kynn Esqr Fra Lynn Esq^r.
will be pleased to call here. will be pleased to call here.
I am I am
Yor most Oted humb sor Yor most Obed^t humb. serv^t
2 March 1721 21 March 1721
We. We.
$10 Sir
The Act which prolongs the time for making the First 5 Plents The act which prolongs the time for making the First 5 p Cent [?]
the South Sea Company's Loan, not being yet in Print and it being Necessrd the South Sea Company's Loan, not being yet in Print and it being Necessary
to publish the Time as soon as may be desire youl please to let me know the to publish the Time as soon as maybe desire youl please to let me know the
Mr Basket Mr Basket
time and Goul Oblige time and you'l Oblige
Kings Printer 22 March 1721 Kings Printer 22 March 1721
Your Most humble Pew: Your Most humble Servt.
D Wescanl D Wescomb.