Mr Utber Mr Utber
The Court of Directors having red. letters from Mr Bumpetel The Court of Directors having rec'd. letters from Mr Bumpsted
and Capt Khillips acquainting them that the Royal George upon a survey and Capt Phillips acquainting them that the Royal George upon a survey
had been Condemn'd as incapable of coming home. And having been acquainted had been Condemn'd as incapable of coming home. And having been acquainted
by the Depity Governor that you had wrote him avery different Accot of the by the Depity Governor that you had wrote him avery different Acco^t of the
Condition of the said ship; I am orderd to let you know that the Court Condition of the said ship; I am orderd to let you know that the Court
besire you will bring home with you your Proofs to support what you have desire you will bring home with you your Proofs to support what you have
Represented Represented
Yor humbleser Yor humble Serv
D. W Say D. W Sec^ry
Wr. Knight Mr. Knight
Sir Sir
The encored letter for Mr Jno Mmnifith 2d Make of the Royal George The enclosed letter for Mr. [Jno] Griffith 2^d Make of the Royal George
at English harbour in Antiquag was given meby one of the Gentlemen in the at English harbour in Antigua was given me by one of the Gentlemen in the
Direction to be forwarded so as if possible to be put directly into his own hand, to Direction to be forwarded so as if possible to be put directly into his own hand, to
prevent any stop that may otherwise happen I am therefore to desire you to prevent any stop that may otherwise happen I am therefore to desire you to
take care it be put into the hands of Capt Benone Hancock of the Martha take care it be put into the hands of Capt Benoni Hancock of the Martha
in the downs bound for that Island, with the necessary precautions for it's in the downs bound for that Island, with the necessary precautions for it's
being deliver'd duly, taking his rect & transmitting the same to me for the being deliver'd July, taking his rect & transmitting the same to me for the
better satisfaction of that Gentleman, And in case this ship be faild, you with better satisfaction of that Gentleman, And in case this ship be fail'd, you will
take the like care of delivering it to the Master of the next ship which shall take the like care of delivering it to the Master of the next ship which shall
arrive in the downs bound for that Island, which Shear is the Anne & arrive in the downs bound for that Island, which Shear is the Anne &
Elizabeth Capt. Vanil West Elizabeth Capt. Daniel West
 I am 
24 feby 1726 24 feb^ry 1726
Sr mathmblesor Yr most humble Serv.
D.W D.W