South Sea Htouse 13 Sepr 1p6 South Sea House 13 Sep^r 1726
Sor Sir
I received yor Letter of the 9t Jnst. And presumce by this time I received yo^r Letter of the 9th just. And presume by this time
Capt Gordons Sailing Orders for Hambres are put into his Bands they went in a Letter Cap^t Gordon's Sailing Orders for Hambro' are put into his Bands they went in a Letter
under Your Cover I am under Your Cover    I am
Sir Sir
Yemnost hund Sert Yor most hum^ Serv^t
DWescomb D   Wescomb
P.S. Inclosed is a Letter writ mne by one Mr. Horn of Your P.S. Inclosed is a Letter writ mee by one M^r. Horn of Your
place I have Comunicated it to the Sub Go & others of the Directors, who place I have Comunicated it to the Sub Gov^r & others of the Directors, who
desire as he mentions himself to be known to you that you will discourse him desire as he mentions himself to be known to you that you will discourse him
and if the Person seems to be soled in his Notions to let meknow, before he gives and if the Person seems to be solid in his Notions to let me know, before he gives
himself or our Genll. any Trouble. I am ut Supra himself or our Gent^n. any Trouble. I am ut Supra
Dw D. w .
If it be worth while you may return the Letter If it be worth while you may return the Letter
pray if Capt Gordon be not sailed, tell him he must enter his Sloops at a pray if Cap^t Gordon be not sailed, tell him he must enter his Sloops at a
place called Stoad on the Elve from Lond that belonging to his Maj Caeign place called Stoad on the Elve from Lond^o that belonging to his Majt^ies foreign
Dominions, & the Dutys at Dambro will be the less Dominions, & the Dutys at bambro will be the less
DW. DW.
The letter you sent me from the Marg de lalag to your self touching the The letter you sent me from the Marg de la laz to your self touching the
Assents Accompts, I laid before the Court of Directors, who have renew'd their orders Assiento Accompts, I laid before the Court of Directors, who have renew'd their orders
to the proper Officers to dispatch those Accompts with the utmost expedition to the proper Officers to dispatch those Accompts with the utmost expedition
Iam Iam
6 Oct 1726 6 Oct 1726
for Sir
Mr most humble senvlt Cm  most humble senvlt
D.. D..W.
fir Sir
The Court of Directors of the Royal Assento Comps have Considerd The Court of Directors of the Royal Assiento Comp:^a have Consider^d
the Remonstrance you made them on the 8 Inst with the Copys of the Lletters wrote you the Remonstrance you made them on the 8 jus^t with the Copys of the 2 letters wrote you
by the Governor of Buenos Ayres thereto annext, containing some Complaints against the by the Governor of Buenos Ayres thereto annext, containing some Complaints against the
Captains employ'd in the Assients trade to Buenes Ayres; and also an Auto or Obligation Captains employ'd in the Assiento trade to Buenes Ayres; and also an Auto or Obligation
falen fo ga. Williams of y^e. syria
transmitted to you by the said Governor, by which he obliges Capt Williams of the ship pyria transmitted to you by the said Governor, by which he obliges Cap^t Williams of the ship Syria
to lay 60o0 I in case he suffer one Dr Gabino de Quevedo or any other Spanish Passengers to lay 6000.P I in case he suffer one Dr Gabino de Quevedo or any other Spanish Passengers
to Embark on board his ship. To which they Answer to Embark on board his ship. To which they Answer
As As