124 124
have been granted in the Comp. Crom have been granted in the Comp. favors
ont ate accordex in favour de la Comp ont ate accordex in favour de la Comp
by his present Cathe Majt, it will h by his present Cathe Majt, it will h
par S. M. C daujourdhuy il Servit par S. M. C daujourdhuy il Servit
proper that there be an Express Rever proper that there be an Express Rever
a propos que toutes ces Corules, on Orders a propos que toutes ces Cedules, on Orders
­:tion of all Such Cidulas, or Orders. ­:tion of all Such Cedulas, or Orders.
pressent expressement revoques. pressent expressement revoques.
3 And whereas the Liberty of Sin 3 And whereas the Liberty of Sin
3 Etdautant quon a fait Sccupee 3 Et dautant qu'on a fait Serupu=
ding the Companys regives up into ding the Company's Negroes up into
­le dans la Nowvelle Espagne, do per= ­le dans la Nowvelle Espagne, do per=
:mettre a la Compl. Lenvoyer Ser :mettre a la Compl. L'envoyer Ser
the Inland Countrys to be sold then to the Inland Countrys to be sold then to
the best Advantuge hay ately serupled the best Advantage has been lately serupled in
Regres days les Terres poury ehe ven Regres dans les Terres pour y etre ven
New Spain, and the Comps have been New Spain, and the Comps have been
=dus, & quon a menace la Compagnic =dus, & qu'on a menace la Compagnie
threatned with a Restraint of the Saleso threatned with a Restraint of the Sales of 
de restraindie la vente des Negues Seule de restraindie la vente des Negres Soule
ment au Port de Vera ful. Et quoygia ment au Port de Vera Cruz. Et quoygia
the Negrees to the Port of tera Curonly the Negroes to the Port of Vera Cruz only;
& Ard 11s de Contract de Assents act & Ard 11s de Contract de Assento act
And tho the 11th Art of the Ass. Contra And tho the 11th Art of the Ass. Contra
has provided, that out of the 40r6 has provided, that out of the 4 or 6
pourver, gie des 4 on 6 Fackeurs Anglois pourveu, que des 4 on 6 Fackeurs Anglois
residants aux Ports les Assintiotes residants aux Ports les Assintiotes
English Factors residing at the Poat to English Factors residing at the Ports, to
perssent chosser caus quils juguoient perssent choisir ceua qu'ils juguoient
Assientists may choose such as they sa Assientists may choose such as they see
a propos, pour envoyer dans le psais on a propos, pour envoyer dans le psais on
fit, to send up into the Country, whee fit, to send up into the Country, where
il est permis de transporter les Negres, il est permis de transporter les Negres,
Negroes are allowed to be carred, for Negroes are allowed to be carried, for
pour le Menagement des Affaires, ils pour le Menagement des Affaires, ils
the Management of Affairs, This the Management of Affairs, This
en out etc aussi empechex, et particu= en out etc aussi empechex, et particu=
has also been obstructed, and partice has also been obstructed, and particu
lierement Mr. Pitt leshef do la Tac lierement Mr. Pitt le Chef de la Tac
-larly Mr Pitt the shief of the -larly Mr Pitt the Chief of the
torie de la Compagnie dans la Nouvelle torie de la Compagnie dans la Nouvelle
Company's Factory in New Spain Company's Factory in New Spain
Espague stant an Mexique at negotiant Espague etant an Mexique at negotiant
being in Mearco, negotiating on being in Mexico, negotiating on
guelques unes des Affaires les plus impor quelques unes des Affaires les plus impor
of the weightiest Concerns of the of the weightiest Concerns of the
tanters de CAssients, fut oblige de quiter tantes  de CAssients, fut oblige de quiter
Assients, was obliged to leave that Assients, was obliged to leave that
cct endrort en 8 Fours & do Se retire a cct endrort en 8 Fours & do Se retire a
place in eight Days and retie to place in eight Days and retie to
Vera Cruz, Sons pretente (sans ancune Vera Cruz, Sons pretente (sans ancune
Vera Cuiz, under a protence (within Vera Cuiz, under a protence (within
Apparenede Raison) que par lyr Act Apparenede Raison) que par lyr Act
any Colur of Hheron the by he te. any Colur of Hheron the by he te.