Sir Sir
Your letter of the 10t Inst to Mr Wescomb desiring a litte time longer Your letter of the 10 Ins! ! to M.^r Wescomb desiring a litte time longer
for paying to the Company the Ballance of your Accot, I have conminicated to the for paying to the Company the Ballance of your Acco.^ts, I have communicated to the
Sub and Deputy Governors who were pleas'd to direct me to write the sollucitor Sub and Deputy Governors who were pleas'd to direct me to write the sollicitor
Not to Erocede against you until further order, and I have signify'd their pleasure Not to Procede against you until further order, and I have signify'd their pleasure
to him accordingly And Iam to intimate to you that your Honour is lookd upon to him accordingly And I am to intimate to you that your Honour is look'd upon
to be Engag'ed to perform the proviue made in your said Letter to be Engag'd to perform the promise made in your said Letter.
Iam I am
12 March 1725 12 March 1725.
ir Sir
e ora go b Eqr. [ ] Thorow good Eq.^r.
1. mothim the servant Yo.^r most humble Servant
at Dews Hall at Dews Hall
in Eex in Essex
Saith Sa Bouse 15 March 1723 South Sea House 15. March 1725.
WWr Con S^r W^m Con
Tor Sir
The Reyal Assento Compt being about dispatching their Thip the The Royal Assiento Comp.^y  being about dispatching their Ship the
Bristro Capt Rent with a Cargo of Stores & Necessarys pursuant to the 6th. Art of Bristro Cap.^t Rent with a Cargo of Stores & Necessarys, pursuant to the B4:^th. Art of
the Assiento The Court of Directors devire You will please to write to the Gevs & Royal the Assiento. The Court of Directors desire You will please to write to the Gov.^r & Royal
officers to prevent any Imbarassment which may happen, should the Surmises of officers to prevent any Imbarassment which may happen, should the Surmises of
a Supture wth has been spread abroad have reachd those parts, which your Loter will a Rupture w.^ch has been spread abroad have reachd those parts, which your Letter will
effectually obviate The Invoyce of the Cargo is not yet made out, but believe shall effectually obviate . The Invoyce of the Cargo is not yet made out, but believe shall
have against Thursday, and if So, it shall be put into Spanish. I am have against Thursday, and if So, it shall be put into Spanish.    I am
So S.^r
Yr most humble Servt Yo.^r most humble Serv.^t
D Wescomb D. Wescomb