The Rt. Honbl he Lord Mayor Sutb Gor. of the barth Sr, The Rt. Honbl he Lord Mayor Sutb Gor. of the South
Sea Comps having acquainted the Directors That upon his Lords promice Sea Compa having acquainted the Directors That upon his Lords promice
that the Comp should supply Capt Vernon with 30 able Seamen yor Re that the Comp should supply Capt Vernon with 30 able Seamen yor Re
Honble Board had been pleased to Order the imediate Discharge of that Honble Board had been pleased to Order the imediate Discharge of that
Number of the Comp men wch had been Imprest I am thereupon direction Number of the Comp men wch had been Imprest I am thereupon direction
acquaint you That the Comp return their humble Thanks to their Lod acquaint you That the Comp return their humble Thanks to their Lod
for this Indulgence, And have given Orders for procuring the men forthwith for this Indulgence, And have given Orders for procuring the men forthwith
And that their Lordships may be Satisfyed they are able Seamen the Comp And that their Lordships may be Satisfyed they are able Seamen the Comp
Officer is to carry them before the regulating Capt. & to desire they will cxamin Officer is to carry them before the regulating Capt. & to desire they will cxamin
them & Certify their Capacity to Capt Vernon, Wherefore if this Methiro l them & Certify their Capacity to Capt Vernon, Wherefore if this Methiro l
approved of by their Lords the Comps pray the same may be Signifyed bothe approved of by their Lords the Comps pray the same may be Signifyed bothe
to the Regulating Capt. & to Capt Vernon accordingly I am to the Regulating Capt. & to Capt Vernon accordingly I am
Your mc Obed hum Senv Your mc Obed hum Senv
W. Smith W. Smith
South Sea House South Sea House
15 March 1726 15 March 1726
Touth Sea House 2t Mar 1726 South Sea House 21st Mar 1726
Sir Sir,
I received Your Letter of the 17 Instant Siguitying I received Your Letter of the 17 Instant Siguitying
their Lord desire to Speak with some of the Directors to Morrow their Lord desire to Speak with some of the Directors to Morrow
Morning, and have Communicated the same to several of them: But Morning, and have Communicated the same to several of them: But
as we have not since had a Court of Directors, and there is not to be any as we have not since had a Court of Directors, and there is not to be any
till Thursday, And Several who have travelled in the matter of the till Thursday, And Several who have travelled in the matter of the
Companys Petition are obliged to Attend the House of Commons to Companys Petition are obliged to Attend the House of Commons to
Morrow on a Special Affair They desire You will please to make Morrow on a Special Affair They desire You will please to make
their Apology to their Lordships and at the same time to let them tne their Apology to their Lordships and at the same time to let them tne
that that