110 110
Sir, Sir
The Comrs. who have the care of Examining into the Accounts The Com:^ee who have the care of Examining into the accounts
Cotlin Catlin
and Proceedings of the Supra Cargo's and Comander of the Royal Prince in her and Proceedings of the Supra Cargo's and Comander of the Royal Prince in her
Boron good 2. thorowgood Esq^r.
late Voyage to &: Crue having had an Accot laid before them by Mr Slaughter late Voyage to V: Cruz, having had an Acco^t laid before them by Mr Slaughter
of what Books and Papers relating to this Matter have been deliver'd into of what Books and Papers relating to this Matter have been deliver'd into
his Office, And they having observed upon reading the Minutes made on the his Office, And they having observed upon reading the Minutes made on the
27 Jany last, That you have not deliver'd in the Particulars of the Dis= 27 Jan^y last, That you have not deliver'd in the Particulars of the Dis=
=bursments referrd to in your Book calld the Leidger, as you promisd them, =bursments referr'd to in your Book call'd the Leidger, as you promis'd them,
I am Comanded to remind you thereof, that the same may be done forthwith I am Comanded to remind you thereof, that the same may be done forthwith
in Order to a Speedy Conclusion. I am in Order to a Speedy Conclusion. I am
Sir Your most humble Servt Sir Your most humble Serv't
South Sea House South Sea House
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
3 May 1727 3^d May: 1727
or Sir
The Comrs who have the care of Examining into the Accounts The Com:^ee who have the care of Examining into the Accounts
W.Ieland W.Cleland
and Proceedings of the Supra Cargoes and Comander of the Royal Prince in her and Proceedings of the Supra Cargoes and Comander of the Royal Prince in her
late voyage to vera Crux, having had an Accot laid before them by Mr Slaughter late voyage to vera Cruz, having had an Acco^t: laid before them by Mr Slaughter
of what Books and Papers relating to this matter have been deliver'd into his of what Books and Papers relating to this matter have been deliver'd into his
office, And they having observ'd upon reading the Minutes made on thei7 Jau office, And they having observ'd upon reading the Minutes made on the 7^th Jan^y
last, that you have not deliverd in the Warehouse Book and Trunk of Papers last, that you have not deliver'd in the Warehouse Book and Trunk of Papers
relating to the Supra Cargo Ship which you promised them, I am Commanded to relating to the Supra Cargo Ship which you promised them, I am Commanded to
remind you thereof that the same may be done forthwith, in order to a Speedy remind you thereof that the same may be done forthwith, in order to a Speedy
Conclusion. I am Conclusion. I am
South Sea House South Sea House
Sir Your most hum. Servt. Sir Your most hum^e. Serv^t.
3 May 1727 3^d May 1727
D Wescomb D: Wescomb