Sr Sr
The protections which the Rt. Honble the Lords Comiss of The protections which the Rt. Honble the Lords Comiss of
the Admiralty were pleased to Grant the Undermentioned Stups in the the Admiralty were pleased to Grant the Undermentioned Ships in the
Service of the South Sea Company Expiring the 16 Instant They desire You Service of the South Sea Company Expiring the 16 Instant They desire You
will please to move their Lordships for renewing the same as soon as will please to move their Lordships for renewing the same as soon as
posible there being a necessity to send some of them down to Yarmouth in posible there being a necessity to send some of them down to Yarmouth in
Order to bring up some of the men from thence Order to bring up some of the men from thence
The Elizabeth John Cleaveland master 26 Men The Elizabeth John Cleaveland master 26 Men
The St Michael Charles Burnham Master C2 Men The St Michael Charles Burnham Master 62 Men
The Bristow Galley Mathew Kint Master 42 Men The Bristow Galley Mathew Kint Master 42 Men
I am I am
Sr. Sr.
Your most humble Servant Your most humble Servant
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
1th May 1726. 1th May 1726.
South Sea House 10 May 1726 South Sea House 10 May 1726
Sr Sr
This will be delivered you by Capt Moor White major This will be delivered you by Capt Moor White mastr
of the Ship Sea Horse, in the service of the South sea Company whose Com- of the Ship Sea Horse, in the service of the South sea Company whose Com-
pliment of men is Forty two, and as the Protections which the Rt Honl pliment of men is Forty two, and as the Protections which the Rt Honl
the Lords Comissioners of the Admiralty granted in February last expires the Lords Comissioners of the Admiralty granted in February last expires
the 16 Instant. The Company desire you will please to Move their Lordships the 16 Instant. The Company desire you will please to Move their Lordships
for renewing the same, they also desire You will be so good as to Expedite the for renewing the same, they also desire You will be so good as to Expedite the
Protections desired in my Letter of the 4td Instant I am Protections desired in my Letter of the 4td Instant I am
Sr. Sr.
Your very Humble Servant Your very Humble Servant
D. Wescomb. D. Wescomb.