180 180
Pap. Worns Cap^t. Waring
By order of the Court of Directors, I am to acquaintyon By order of the Court of Directors, I am to acquaint  you
That upon rect hereof, you are imediatly to Repair on board the Companys floop That upon rec^t. hereof, you are imediatly to Repair on board the Companys Sloop
the St George under your Comand, and forthwith to procede into the Downes the St George under your Comand, and forthwith to procede into the Downes
and there wait the further orders of the Court and there wait the further orders of the Court.
IIam Iam
of the lop of the sloop
Yor humble servant Yo^r humble servant
14 July 1726 14 July 1726
GGeorge P   George
W.S. W.S.
of the Sloop of the Sloop
Capt. Colon Capt. Gordon
Assints at Assiento   at
The Company have received yor packets from Plymouth of the The Company have received yo^r packets from Plymouth of the
Symonth Plymouth
20 Jevst and areglad to hear of yo Safe Arrival, They have not yet dekemind whether 20^th  Jus^t and are glad to hear of yo^r Safe Arrival, They have not yet detemind whether
to sland fou with the Carg, but have diected nee to wick to You to lose no Time in proceding to send you with the Cargo, but have directed me to write to You to lose no Time in proceding
to the Downs, where being acrived you will let me know for their Information & farther to the Downs, where being arrived you will let me know for their Information & farther
Derctions I am Directions I am
Sir Sir
Jo thela Lonk South Sea House
Yo humble sert6 Yo^r humble serv^t
25. Augt 1726 25. Augt 1726
I likewise wiite you directed for You at I likewise write you directed for You at
Do Wascomb D Wescomb
Portsmouth lest You should be come thither Portsmouth lest You should become thither
Mem the Lrs to portun dated 24: Augt 1726 was the Mem^d the Lrs to portem dated 24: Augt 1726 was the
same with the foregoing same with the foregoing
South Sea bouse Lond 9 Sepr 1726 South Sea bouse Lond 9 Sepr 1726
Asecents Assiecento
Dapt Gordon Cap^t Gordon
in ye in ye
The Court of Directors having thought fit to consign their Slop The Court of Directors having thought fit to consign their Sloop
Downs Downs
Assints under Your Comand to Messrs Halsey & Cressence at Hambro. I am by Assiento under Your Comand to Mess^rs Halsey & Cressener at Hambro. I am by
their Order to direct You forthwith to proced thither & deliver to them the inclosed and their Order to direct You forthwith to proced thither & deliver to them the inclosed and
to go to hambie to go to hambro
the Carge, taking their Receipts. Being dispatched you are to make the best of y Way the Carge, taking their Receipts. Being dispatched you are to make the best of yo^r Way
back & deliver to the Court of Directors one of the Receipts without taking in any back & deliver to the Court of Directors one of the Receipts without taking in any
Manner of Goods. I wish you a good Voyage, & am Manner of Goods. I wish you a good Voyage, & am
Whum Son 6 Yo^r Humble Serv^t
Meand The Lee to Mesrs Balsey & Reberue Mem^d The Lre to Mesa^rs Balsey & Cressener
aforemnchned is enld to Los Octrard a 228 above mencioned is enld to Los Outwarard Pa 228.)
D Watcomb D Wescomb