3 13
South Sea hone 15 Aune 121. South Sea house 15th  June 1721.
Pary Gent^n
Dinguiting hoe Banqueting house
Yur Lever of the 9t Intant dircted to the Cout Your Letter of the 9^th Intant directed to the Court
of director of he Touth Sea company wherein you Inform thene of your of directors of he South Sea company wherein you Inform them of your
naving Examined the Subsciptions for which Horct is wanting, And that you having Examined the Subsciptions for which stock is wanting, And that you
an e e the Thanks for dispatch of the 
had signed the Duplicate accounts, and would Transmit them with Your had signed the duplicate accounts and would transmit them, with your 
abscriptions for which Subcriptions for which
to Mon fork is anat to be Cerated Stock is wanted  to be Created.
Representation to the Lords of the Treasury, In Order to their Lordships declaring Representation to the Lords of the Treasury, In Order to their Lordships declaring
the Stock & annuity for the same, was this day read in a Court of Directors the Stock & annuity for the same, was this day read in a Court of Directors
By whose Order sam to Return you Thanks for the Dispatch you have given By whose Order Iam to Return you Thanks for the Dispatch you have given
thereto. thereto.
At the same time, Iam to acquaint you, That his the preparing a At the same time, Iam to acquaint you, That tho' the preparing a
Return to the Seheme you Transmited to the Court of Director the 23 March Return to the Scheme you Transmitted to the Court of Director the 23^d March
Wilmncha etromt will make a Return to
last does not come properly before them, it relating altogether to the Business  last does not come properly before them, it relating altogether to the Business 
Renheme, tho it be their Scheme, tho it be
the Business of Manager the Business of Managers
Incumibent on the Managers, yet they are ready to give you all the Light, Incumbent on the Managers, yet they are ready to give you all the Light,
Information in their power, and are preparing to make you the said Information in their power, and are preparing to make you the said
Return with all popible Expedition. Sam. Return with all possible Expedition.  Iam.
Gent. Gent.^n
Your most humble servant Your most humble servant
&Wescomb Secr. D.Wescomb Sec.^ry
To he Manager Edirctor for hertoming To he Managers & directors for pertorming
what Remains to be done on the Act be Regis for what Remains to be done on the Act 6^o Regis for
Increasing the Capital Htock & Fund of the Touth Increasing the Capital Stock & Fund of the South
Sea Company Sea Company
To the hontle the Comons of Great Britain in Parliam. To the honble the Comons of Great Britain in Parliam^t.
Assembled. Assembled.
The humble petition of the Coust of director of The humble petition of the Court of director of
the South sea Company. the South Sea Company.
Sheweth Sheweth
That the said Company are possesed of Certain Tally That the said Company are possesed of Certain Tallys
& orders for ₤36,000 principal money Sent on the malt Tag in the Year & orders for ₤36,000 principal money Sent on the male Tax in the Year
172 1718