104 104
South Lore Jows Londs South Sea House London 
Sir Sir
Mserlag.
9 Feby 1726 9 Feby 1726
M. of the
Your Letter of the 23d past, touching the South Ser Comps. Your Letter of the 23d past, touching the South Ser Comp^s.
Luly oland
Ship Royal George, was thi Day read in a Court of Directors being the first Ships Royal George, was this Day read in a Court of Directors being the first
Court Since the Rect. of it, otherwise they would not have deferrd making their Court Since the Rec^t. of it, otherwise they would not have deferr'd making their
Acknowledgements for Your favour So long. They are much obliged to You Acknowledgements for Your favour So long. They are much obliged to You
for the extraordinary Trouble they observe you took for the more Speedy con- for the extraordinary Trouble they observe you took for the more Speedy con-
veying this Intelligence, and for the readiness you are pleased to express veying this Intelligence, and for the readiness you are pleased to express
for serving the Comps. Concerns. For which by their Order, I am to return for serving the Comp^s. Concerns. For which by their Order, I am to return
You their Thanks. I am You their Thanks. I am
Sir, Sir,
Yr Most Obedient Y^r Most Obedient
humble Servt humble Serv^t
DWescomb Secy D Wescomb Sec ^y
South Sea House Lond South Sea House London
Sir Sir
Worchet Worchet
The Ship Christian whereof Alexr Craufird is Mas on wth The Ship Christian whereof Alex^r Craufurd is Ma^r on w^ch
embarkd of the Sailors hired in North Britain for the Service of ye South embark^d of the Sailors hired in North Britain for the Service of ye South
Lea Comp being arrived at the Hore, Lieut Saml Falconer of the Grafton Sea Comp^y being arrived at the Hore, Lieu^t Saml Falconer of the Grafton
hath impressd out of her of those Men, and Mr Robt Bolton of the hath impress^d out of her of those Men, and Mr Rob^t Bolton of the
Argyle hath impressd another of em named Jno Geodre; and having fent [Argyle] hath impress'd another of em named Jn^o Geodre; and having fent
the Protection their Lords were pleasd to favour the Compd with for this the Protection their Lords were pleasd to favour the Comp^d with for this
Vessel & Men, by Express to Harwick upon receiving a Letter from the sd Vessel & Men, by Express to Harwick upon receiving a Letter from the s^d
Mar that he was put in there; We are now under a necessity of praying Ma^r that he was put in there; We are now under a necessity of praying
the further favour of their Lord immediate Orders for Discharge of all the the further favour of their Lord immediate Orders for Discharge of all the
saw Men, and to give them such an Authority as that they may come to said Men, and to give them such an Authority as that they may come to
We are
the Comps. Dock with Safety the Comp^s. Dock with Safety
Sr. Sir.
Yor most humderet Yo^r most humble Serv^t
B pleased, St in this Order to B pleased, St in this Order to
include the 2 other ships from include the 2 other ships from
Jno Eyles Seb Gov Jn^o Eyles Seb Gov
North Britain that so they may North Britain that so they may
Jno Hudge Dyov Jn^o Hudge Dyov
not be Molested not be Molested
Rod Hophins Rod Hophins