The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company being of Opinion The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company being of Opinion
That the further Time which is given by the Act passed the last Sessions for That the further Time which is given by the Act passed the last Sessions for
making the first Payment of 5 P Cent on the Company's Loan, by such Persons making the first Payment of 5 P Cent on the Company's Loan, by such Persons
who Neglected doing the Same by Tmas last should be forthwith advertised who Neglected doing the Same by Xmas last should be forthwith advertised
& Hamly or Mc & Hamly or Mc
Desire you will acquaint me with the Same, by reason the Act is not yet Desire you will acquaint me with the Same, by reason the Act is not yet
& at Mr Godrells & at Mr Godrells
chancery Lane Printed I am  in chancery Lane Printed I am
24th March 1721 24th March 1721
Your most Humble Servt Your most Humble Serv^t
D Wescoul D Wescomb
Sir, Sir,
W. Ayles Mr.Ayles 
Yoself & Mr Tellicu being desred to wait on the Spanish Ambossed or Yo^rself & Mr Tellicux being desred to wait on the Spanish Ambassador
to desire his Excellps Letter of Recomendation of the Company's Affairs at Buenor to desire his Excell^y Letter of Recomendation of the Company's Affairs at Buenos
Ayres. Mr. Tellicue desires you to Meet him here a little after 10 Clock to Moron Ayres. Mr. Tellieux  desires you to Meet him here a little after 10 Clock tomorrow
morning in Order to be at his Excps at 11 Iam morning in Order to be at his Exc"l"s at 11 I am
Sir, Sir,
Younort Oled. Sect Yo^r most Obed^t. Serv^t
South ea house South Sea house
DWescomb D.Wescomb
29th March 1722 29th March 1722
South Sea Bouse April 4. 1722 South Sea House April 4. 1722
4 Sir
In answer to Yor Letters of Yesterday's Date, I am to acquaint In answer to Yor Letters of Yesterday's Date, I am to acquaint
You for the Information of Yor Court, That the names of the South Sex- You for the Information of Yor Court, That the names of the South Sea
ompanys Agents at Jamaica are Richard Rigby & Edward Patter, The Companys Agents at Jamaica are Richard Rigby & Edward Patter, The
letter of whom is now in that Island and Mr Rigby will soon proceed thither letter of whom is now in that Island and Mr Rigby will soon proceed thither
I am I am
Seoneling. Fra Lynn Esq^r.
Sir, Sir,
Yor mos thumble secv Yo^r most humble serv^t
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb