South Sea House 30 May 1727 South Sea House 30 May 1727
fr Sr
In Answer to Your Letter of the 26 Irstant I In Answer to Your Letter of the 26 Irstant I
am to Acquaint You that upon revising those wrote the Comp by their am to Acquaint You that upon revising those wrote the Comp by their
Agents in Jamaica it seems that the Act for laying the Dutys in saml Agents in Jamaica it seems that the Act for laying the Dutys in saml
on the Import and Export of Flower passd the the Assembly in February on the Import and Export of Flower passd the the Assembly in February
17234 and that the same was to take place from the sd Octor following but 17234 and that the same was to take place from the sd Octor following but
I can't find out the Title. Its probably it may be what they call the I can't find out the Title. Its probably it may be what they call the
Revenue Act Inclosed is a Copy of a minute of our Comittee, which was Revenue Act Inclosed is a Copy of a minute of our Comittee, which was
appointed to take care of the Affair of the Dutys which I send You for appointed to take care of the Affair of the Dutys which I send You for
your better Information as to the Companys sence of the whole matter, and your better Information as to the Companys sence of the whole matter, and
give You some light in drawing up the Report The Company will be obligs give You some light in drawing up the Report The Company will be obligs
to You if You can let them have the Peruisal of the Draft of the to You if You can let them have the Peruisal of the Draft of the
Report before it be made that in case any thing be misunderstood on Report before it be made that in case any thing be misunderstood on
either side, it may be better explained I am either side, it may be better explained I am
Yor most humble Servant Yor most humble Servant
D. Wescomb. D. Wescomb.
Preto Mr Burchett of the Pre to Mr Burchett of the
1s of June, Ent in the next page 1s of June, Ent in the next page
Sir Sir
The Court of Dirctor of the sorth lea Comp. having The Court of Dirctor of the sorth lea Comp. having
orderd their sloop Assiento Nath Uring Master forthwth to proceed for orderd their sloop Assiento Nath Uring Master forthwth to proceed for
Jams They desire You will please to Move the Rt Honl the Lords Comrs Jama They desire You will please to Move the Rt Honl the Lords Comrs
of the Admiralty to Grant a Protection for the said Master and 30 men of the Admiralty to Grant a Protection for the said Master and 30 men
Your most obedient humble Servant Your most obedient humble Servant
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
I Sr. am I am Sr.
South Sea House South Sea House
20th June 1727 20th June 1727