ir Sir 
South Sea House South Sea House
19 April 1722 19 April 1722
Since my last the Committee for Buying have chose from Since my last the Committee for Buying have chose from
among themselves. Mr Hopkins, Mr Pitt and Mr Tellieux to meet your Committee among themselves. Mr Hopkins, Mr Pitt and Mr Tellieux to meet your Committee
upon the affair of the Goods to be taken by your Company agreeable to the late upon the affair of the Goods to be taken by your Company agreeable to the late
Contract Which I thought proper to acquaint you with being Contract Which I thought proper to acquaint you with being
Lymn leg. Fra Lynn Esq^r.
Your most humble Tervt Your most humble Serv^t.
DWesconb D. Wescomb
Sir Sir
I am Orderd to Acquaint you that the Committee for Receiving I am Order'd to Acquaint you that the Committee for Receiving
Proposals for supply of Negroes at Angold, to be sent to Buenor Ayres, will sitt on Proposals for supply of Negroes at Angola, to be sent to Buenos Ayres, will sitt on
Wensday next, precisely at 5 a clock in the afternoon Wensday next, precisely at 5 a clock in the afternoon
I am I am
Tlyme 9. Fra Lynn Esq.
South seaHouse South sea House
Mr Most Obedt Serv Y^r Most Obed^t Serv^t.
20 April 1722 20. April 1722.
W. J. W. S.
Sir Sir
Yore having been so good to offer your kind Assistance with regard to the You having been so good to offer your kind Assistance with regard to the
Measurement of the Companys shils Royal Prince in order that it may be Certifyed to the Measurement of the Companys ships Royal Prince in order that it may be Certify'd to the
Court of Spain, that thereupon his E M Cedula may be obtaind for her Admission in ye Court of Spain, that there upon his E M Cedula may be obtain^d for her Admission in ye
Indies without any Remeasurement I have it in Comand from the Directors to desire Indies without any Remeasurement I have it in Comand from the Directors to desire
you will be pleased to meet several of them at the south sea House next Winsday the you will be pleased to meet several of them at the South Sea House next Wednesday the
16 Inst at 9:10 to procede to the Ship, Mc Donnelly and Mr Seatliff who measured 16 Ins t^ at 9:10 to procede to the Ship, Mc Donnelly and Mr Seatliff who measured
Con
the other ship will be here at the same time to Attendyon I am the other ship will be here at the same time to Attend you  I am
11 May 1722 11 May 1722
Sir Sir
Yor most humble servant Yo^r most humble servant
D: Nescond D : Wescomb
Sir Sir
Your ship being to be Measured on Wensday next the 18th Mnst in the Your ship being to be Measured on Wednesday next the 18th Inst in the
presence of Chevr Con and a Comittee I thought proper to give you this Notice, that you presence of Chev^r Con and a Comittee I thought proper to give you this Notice, that you
may be on board and ready to Receive them. They go from hence in a Barge about 10. in may be on board and ready to Receive them. They go from hence in a Barge about 10. in
St Cleland
the morning and intend to Dine with you. I believe there will be about 7 or 8 in the morning and intend to Dine with you. I believe there will be about 7 or 8 in
of ye Royallo
number for your Government number for your Government
I am I am
Sir Yor most humble pr Sir Yo^r. most humble Serv^t.
11 May 1722 11 May 1722
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb