118 118
Vichalld & maund & ready for failing And as she is to go in her Ballas & he Vichalld & maund & ready for failing And as she is to go in her Ballas & to
remain at Buenor Ayres for no other service than loading & unleading the hi remain at Buenos Ayres for no other service than loading & unloading the ships
&f no such Convenuiency is to be had there, it is hoped the Reguest will be guantes &f no such Conveniency is to be had there, it is hoped the Request will be granted
The present Masters Name is Joseph Bagchaw And her Complement consisdte o The present Masters Name is Joseph Bagshaw And her Complement consists  of
Enghaw Mar. Engshaw Ma^r.
8 Men besides. I am also to desire you will please to sign your Certificate 8 Men besides. I am also to desire you will please to sign your Certificate
of the Mensurement of the Prince Frederick & return the Instrument to me t he of the Measurement of the Prince Frederick & return the Instrument to most beary of being
S. Mot. Mament. pr. fred^ds . Measurment.
to be sent to Mr Sratford by this Nights post I am &c to be sent to Mr Sratford by this Nights post I am &c
W.S. W.S.
4 Feby 17215 4 Feby 1724/55
Since the Director of the south Sea Comps. attended the R. Honl the Lord Since the Director of the south Sea Comp^a. attended the Rt. Honl:ble the Lord
Pople Esqr Popple Esq^r
Comr. for Trade & plantations, they have received from their Agents in Jamares Com^r. for Trade & plantations, they have received from their Agents in Jamaica
Letter Dated 13 Dec. last Adversing that the Assembly there had passd a Billforthe Letter Dated 13 Dec.^m last Advising that the Assembly there had passd a Bill for the
Year 1725. Whereby not only the former Dutys of 10 P head on the Import and t Year 1725. Whereby not only the former Dutys of 10 P head on the Import and 20
Duties on Negroes at Duties on Negroes at
& head on thes Export of Regises, are Continued but the relif given to the Louthe & head on thes Export of Negroes, are Continued but the releif given to the South  sea
Lamaice. Jamaica
Comp. by the former Acts, with requect to such Regises as should be imported by Comp^a. by the former Acts, with respect to such Negroes as should be imported by
themselves for refreshment only pursuant to his Majy. Order in Council wsta themselves for refreshment only pursuant to his Maj^ty. Order in Council is 
away; So that all the Companys Negises, in whatsoever Manner imported on the away; So that all the Companys Negroes, in whatsoever Manner imported on the
Afsiecuts Accot. are subjected to these Dutys contraty as the Comp. conceve ntn Afsiento Acco^t. are subjected to these Dutys contrary as the Comp^a. conceive not only
to the Intention but the Express Words of his Maj ye said order; To wt his Graw to the Intention but the Express Words of his Maj^ty  said order; To w^ch his Grace
was please to say. That he thought the laying a Duty on Neg, tha came t was please to say. That he thought the laying a Duty on Neg, that came for
Refpreshment only, was unreasonable, but that he had no such Instructions a Refreshment only, was unreasonable, but that he had no such Instructions as
were given to S. Nic Lawes the late Govt. relating thereto, This I hought were given to S.^r Nic Lawes the late Gov^r. relating thereto, This I thought
proper to acquaint you with for the Information of their Lords And ar the proper to acquaint you with for the Information of their Lord^ps And as the
Court of Dirctors are wre writing to this Agents in Jamaices ypon he Court of Directors are now writing to this Agents in Jamaica upon What