To His Grace the Duke of Newcastle To His Grace the Duke of Newcastle
His Majestys Princip Secry of State. His Majestys Princip Secry of State.
May it please your Grace May it please your Grace
Alltho the Copys sent the South Sea Company Alltho the Copys sent the South Sea Company
by Mr Kein of the Orders to be Dispatched to the VRoys of by Mr Kein of the Orders to be Dispatched to the VRoys of
Mexieo & Peru, gave us some Satisfaction upon the first peruisal Mexieo & Peru, gave us some Satisfaction upon the first peruisal
of them, We must beg leave to represent to your Grace, That upon of them, We must beg leave to represent to your Grace, That upon
a more Considerate review, We apprehend they are very loose and a more Considerate review, We apprehend they are very loose and
insufficient, and scarcely to be Construd even here much less in the insufficient, and scarcely to be Construd even here much less in the
Indies, to Import the Delivery and Restitution of all the Companys Indies, to Import the Delivery and Restitution of all the Companys
Ships Vessels & Effects that have been seiz'd in the Indies, And Ships Vessels & Effects that have been seiz'd in the Indies, And
that even doubts may arise with regard to the P Frederick and that even doubts may arise with regard to the P Frederick and
her Cargo, which was orderd to be restord. We take the Liberty to her Cargo, which was orderd to be restord. We take the Liberty to
make our Observations upon the whole, and Submit to your Grace make our Observations upon the whole, and Submit to your Grace
whether these Orders sufficiently Direct what is understood to be whether these Orders sufficiently Direct what is understood to be
meant and Intended by them meant and Intended by them
The Orders that were sent for seizing the English Effects The Orders that were sent for seizing the English Effects
and particularly those of the S. S. Company were drawn in all the and particularly those of the S. S. Company were drawn in all the
Forms that were requisite to make them Authentic & Effectual, Forms that were requisite to make them Authentic & Effectual,
and when the Advices of the Cessation of Hostilities Agreed to Arrind and when the Advices of the Cessation of Hostilities Agreed to Arrind
in the Indies, It was in Council resolve there, upon a Question whether in the Indies, It was in Council resolve there, upon a Question whether
the Reprisalia should Cease, That is should continue till express Order the Reprisalia should Cease, That is should continue till express Order
from the King, of equal Authority to the first, which Comanded the from the King, of equal Authority to the first, which Comanded the
Seizure should be sent. We must Obsere therefore upon these Orders, Seizure should be sent. We must Obsere therefore upon these Orders,
That they are Sign'd by Mons Patins only, which the ORoy will very That they are Sign'd by Mons Patins only, which the ORoy will very
probebly probebly