To the Rt. Honble the Lords Comiss. To the Rt. Honble the Lords Comiss.
for Executing the Office of Ld. High for Executing the Office of Ld. High
Admiral of Great Britain. Admiral of Great Britain.
May it please your Lord! May it please your Lord!
The Court of Directors of the South sea Comp. The Court of Directors of the South sea Comp.
being Informed that the Companys Ship Royal George in her home being Informed that the Companys Ship Royal George in her home
ward bound Voyage from the Spanish West Indies has been Condemend ward bound Voyage from the Spanish West Indies has been Condemend
at Antiqua as not in a Condition to proceed home, and that the Treasure at Antiqua as not in a Condition to proceed home, and that the Treasure
on board wch they apprehend is very Considerable is Intendes to be put on board wch they apprehend is very Considerable is Intendes to be put
on board his Majestys Ship Kingsale which was appointed her on board his Majestys Ship Kingsale which was appointed her
Convoy, But The Court doubting whether that Shipalone may be Convoy, But The Court doubting whether that Shipalone may be
of force or Security sufficient at this Juncture to Trust so great a of force or Security sufficient at this Juncture to Trust so great a
venture upon venture upon
They humbly pray your Lordships will be pleased They humbly pray your Lordships will be pleased
to Order one other of his Majestys Ships for Antiqua to Order one other of his Majestys Ships for Antiqua
to joyn the Kingsale and Accompany her the remain to joyn the Kingsale and Accompany her the remain
-der of the Voyage which if your Lordships think -der of the Voyage which if your Lordships think
fit to Order they pray it may be done forthwith, fit to Order they pray it may be done forthwith,
inasmuch as the Kingsale is Expected to sail the inasmuch as the Kingsale is Expected to sail the
latter End of April latter End of April
By Order of the Court of Directr By Order of the Court of Directr
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
9 March 1726 9 March 1726
Sent Do die Sent Do die