68 68
To the R Honl. he Lords Comiss of his Majr. Fre To the R^t Hon^lbe. the Lords Comiss^s of his Maj^tys. Treary (Treaty?)
May 26 please Yor Lordships May it please Yo^E Lordships
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Comn. The Court of Directors of the South Sea Comnpany
humbly Represent That your Lordt having contracted with the Ban humbly Represent That your Lord^ps (Lordships?) having Contracted with the Bands
of England for the Carculating and Exchanging of all Exchequr of England for the Carculating and Exchanging of all Exchequer Bills
at Demand from the 24th Day of July last Whereby the South Sea ong at Demand from the 24^th Day of July last Whereby the South Sea Company
Pacheq. Bills. Excheq^r. Bills.
are Discharged from Exchanging Exchequer Bills, and their Money wn are Discharged from Exchanging Exchequer Bills, and their Money (Loss?)
with the Trustees for that purpose remains Useless in their bands with the Trustees for that purpose remains Useless in their hands.
The said Court of Directors do therefore humbly pray your Lord s wo The said Court of Directors do therefore humbly pray your Lord^ps (Lordships) warrant 
to the said Trustees for their paying to the Companys Cashire the said to the said Trustees for their paying to the Companys Cashire the said
Money, Reserving only in their hands sufficient to Discharge the Compa Money, Reserving only in their hands sufficient to Discharge the Company
t0 parts of such Interest as shall appear to be Due on the Exchequer til 10/19 parts of such Interest as shall appear to be Due on the Exchequer Bills
they were liable to Circulate. they were liable to Circulate.
Which is humbly submitted to your Lord s Which is humbly Submitted to your Lord^ps (Lordships)
South sea House South Sea House
By Order of the Court of Directors By Order of the Court of Directors
2d August 1722 2^d August 1722 Ex^r
D. W. Sec D. W. Sec^ry
Sir Sir
The enclosed is a lase relating to the south sea Companys The enclosed is a Case relating to the South Sea Companys
Annual ship granted by Treatys between the Crowns of Great Britain & spain wta Annual ship granted by Treatys between the Crowns of Great Britain & Spain which
Anneal Stip Annual Ship.
to save time, I am Order'd to send you by this Special Messenger? And am to desire you to save time, I am Order'd to send you by this Special Messenger, And am to desire your
Opinion thereupon with all possible expedition You will please to Signify by the Opinion there upon with all possible expedition You will please to Signify by the
Bearer when you think you shall be Able to send the same, and to excuse this hroubl Bearer when you think you shall be able to send the same, and to excuse this Trouble
J Nitl Hoyl S^r Nath^l LLoyd
to you in the Country to you in the Country
I am I am
at Hampton Court at Hampton Court
fir Sir
Yor most Obedt humbsen Yo^r most Obed^t humb^l Serv^t
South Sea House South Sea House
7 August 1722 7 August 1722
W.S. W.S.
The like tre Enclosing the same Papers to Dr Hum Henchman at The like Lre Enclosing the same Papers to D^r Hum: Henchman at
Dr. Henchman D^r. Henchman
7:do 7^t .d^a.
Charlton Mi Charlton _ Mid^e
at Charlton at Charltons
These 2 Lres were dd the next morning These 2 Lres wore dd the next morning
by Mr Burnett the Missenger by Mr Burnett the Messenger
Mem. The like Papers were also enclosed to Dr Linfold Mem^r. The like Papers were also enclosed to Dr Pinfold
and to Dr Strahan and to D^r Strahan
13 The 3 last Gent gave their Opinions jointly NB. The 3 last Gent^l gave their Opinions jointly
vide the Entry thereof in ye proper trok vide the Entry thereof in the proper book.