many Dependencies, in a very unsetled and insecure Situation, and unless yor many Dependencies, in a very unsetled and insecure Situation, and unless yor
Majesty shall be graciously pleased to interpose Your Authority in pracring Majesty shall be graciously pleased to interpose Your Authority in pracring
Satisfaction, for such a Vislent and Anwarrantable proceeding the Comp Satisfaction, for such a Vislent and Anwarrantable proceeding the Comp
Effects in those parts will be allways precarious, and their Factors & scaurage Effects in those parts will be allways precarious, and their Factors & scaurage
if not entirely disabled in the Discharge of the Duty of their Frinctions, when if not entirely disabled in the Discharge of the Duty of their Frinctions, when
Spanish Governors contemning the protection given to the Companys Spanish Governors contemning the protection given to the Companys
Factors by the Treatys, shall be permitted to treat them in such a Factors by the Treatys, shall be permitted to treat them in such a
manner. manner.
The Court of Directors therefore most humbly The Court of Directors therefore most humbly
beseech your Majesty to take the premisses into your beseech your Majesty to take the premisses into your
Royal Consideration and to procure such Relief there Royal Consideration and to procure such Relief there
-in, as Your Majesty in Your great Wisdom & Goodness -in, as Your Majesty in Your great Wisdom & Goodness
shall see meet. shall see meet.
By Order of the Court of Directors By Order of the Court of Directors
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sex House South Sea House
12th October 1726 12th October 1726
The State of the Facts referrd to in the foregoing The State of the Facts referrd to in the foregoing
Petition. Petition.
On the 17 May 1726 NS arrived at Panama an Express On the 17 May 1726 NS arrived at Panama an Express
from Dr Manuel de Alderete President and sapt General of Terra from Dr Manuel de Alderete President and sapt General of Terra
firma (then at Porto Belle) with a Letter to Dr Juande Archs, Sergeant firma (then at Porto Belle) with a Letter to Dr Juande Archs, Sergeant
Mayor of Panama (the others Substitute in that Government) contain Mayor of Panama (the others Substitute in that Government) contain
ning Orders for apprehending Mr Barth Swartz one of the South ning Orders for apprehending Mr Barth Swartz one of the South
Sea Companys Factors, who was then at Tocay, the Companys House Sea Companys Factors, who was then at Tocay, the Companys House
within two Miles of Panama, whither he was retired to refresh himselfe within two Miles of Panama, whither he was retired to refresh himselfe
after a tesious Journey from Lima, and to use some Means for recovering after a tedious Journey from Lima, and to use some Means for recovering
his lyesight which he had almost lost. his Eyesight which he had almost lost.
The Serjeant Mayor Entred the Companys House by Surprize The Serjeant Mayor Entred the Companys House by Surprize
with with