
I red Yor Exr favour of the 3d Jnst inclosing Mary, Grinaldis Letter to I need Yor Ex^eys favour of the 3^d Ins inclosing Mary, Grinaldis Letter to
Yor Self by wth I perceive the Comps. have been represented as not puntually complying Yor Self by wth I perceive the Comp^a. have been represented as not puntually complying
with the Payments of his C Mr. Appointments in favonr of his Ministers at Combray t with the Payments of his C Mr. Appointments in favour of his Ministers at Combray [?]
there Minsters alledging that besides the Delays in payment they suffer conside there Minsters alledging that besides the Delays in payment they suffer conside
Loss by Bills of Exchange from hence to the places where they reside contrary as Loss by Bills of Exchange from hence to the places where they reside contrary as
is suggested to the Assients Treaty and to the Regulation agreed upon in this behalf is suggested to the Assiento Treaty and to the Regulation agreed upon in this behalf
if any Delay has happend it has been contrary to the Comps. Inrolination, who if any Delay has happend it has been contrary to the Comps. Inclination, who
were always ready to pay these Appointments even the the Vouchers they had were always ready to pay these Appointments even the the Vouchers they had
for So doing were justly liable to Exception, being out of the usual form of Cedrs. for So doing were justly liable to Exception, being out of the usual form of Ced^as.
they had before been used to & the want of the Powers being renewd upon the they had before been used to & the want of the Powers being renewd upon the
great Charges made in the Court of Spain, All which Difficultys were overcome by great Charges made in the Court of Spain, All which Difficultys were overcome by
the Comps. Gallankry, tho the Comps were obliged by the Treaty to pay but half the Comps. Gallantry, tho the Comps were obliged by the Treaty to pay the delay but half
Yearly: As to the other Point relating to the Losses complaind of The Comps See Yearly: As to the other Point relating to the Losses complaind of The Comps See
no reason for any Complaint against them on that Accot. they paying the Money no reason for any Complaint against them on that Acco^t. they paying the Money
to the Ministers Agents or Attorneys here, or remitting it as they desire according to to the Ministers Agents or Attorneys here, or remitting it as they desire according to
the Course of Exchange And charge no more to his C Mr Acct than what they the Course of Exchange And charge no more to his C Mr Acct than what they
actually pay and if such their Agents or Attorneys exact unreasonable premiuios actually pay and if such their Agents or Attorneys exact unreasonable premiums
fer so doing the Company are not accountable, nor are they answerable for any for so doing, the Company are not accountable, nor are they answerable for any
Loss by the Difference of Exchas wd in the Cource of Trade rises & falls more or less Loss by the Difference of Exch^as w^h in the Course of Trade rises & falls more or less
every Day for that the Comps have no other Medium to go by in these payments every Day for that the Comp^a have no other Medium to go by in these payments
than that of the Exche wch as it happens may be Sometimes to their Advantage, than that of the Exch^a wch as it happens may be Sometimes to their Advantage,
the it has been of late as they Complain to their Loss. This being the reasonable tho it has been of late as they Complain to their Loss. This being the reasonable
Answer I have in the Name of the Comps to make to Yor Letter, I hope Yos Exqr Answer I have in the Name of the Comp^a s to make to Yor Letter, I hope Yo^r Ex^cy
will so judge of it, as to make a Suitable Representation of this Matter to will so judge of it, as to make a Suitable Representation of this Matter to
Your Court I am Your Court I am
Asrt Excs Most Obedt humble fervt yo^r Ex^cys  Most Obed^t & humble Servt 
John Eyles John Eyles 
Lond 20 April 1725 Lond 20 April 1725