withe rawing any Buillion product of the Gallions from Porto Bello an withe rawing any Buillion product of the Gallions from Porto Bello an
of the Companys Effect, which agrement contained in it a fatalion of the Companys Effect, which agrement contained in it a fatalion
lity the Consquencebeing That the aforesaid Spanish sShips whouest lity the Consquencebeing That the aforesaid Spanish sShips whouest
Consisted altogether of Goods and no money was suffered to Depart therewith Consisted altogether of Goods and no money was suffered to Depart therewith
And the Comp. Vesels wth should have brought a Considerable Treasure And the Comp. Vesels wth should have brought a Considerable Treasure
other Effects which had been actually Laden on board them were offe other Effects which had been actually Laden on board them were offe
to come away to Jamaica empty, And the Treasure is under Arrest off to come away to Jamaica empty, And the Treasure is under Arrest off
Govr both at Porto Bello and Cartagena Prima facie our Admr au Govr both at Porto Bello and Cartagena Prima facie our Admr au
overreached in this Agreement, but he may probably, tho Tcannot overreached in this Agreement, but he may probably, tho Tcannot
account for it. account for it.
In this general Distress of our Affairs under the present In this general Distress of our Affairs under the present
Apprehension, and just necessity of a War I make no doubt of Your Apprehension, and just necessity of a War I make no doubt of Your
Graces Instant & Compleat care & Concern for them, & I am with profaid Graces Instant & Compleat care & Concern for them, & I am with profaid
Respect Respect
Your Graces Your Graces
Most Faithfull & Obedient Most Faithfull & Obedient
humble Servant. humble Servant.
John Eyles John Eyles
Delivered Mr Dela Faye Delivered Mr Dela Faye
4 January 1726 4 January 1726
To the Rt. Honbl: the Lords Comiss To the Rt. Honbl: the Lords Comiss
of His Majesty's Treasury. of His Majesty's Treasury.
The humble Memorial of the Court of The humble Memorial of the Court of
Directors of the south Sea Company Directors of the south Sea Company
Sheweth Sheweth
That in the Year 1725 the sd Comps did Dispatch the That in the Year 1725 the sd Comps did Dispatch the
Ship Mercury, Capt. Christal then Comrs. for the Coast of Africa with a Ship Mercury, Capt. Christal then Comr for the Coast of Africa with a
Cargo of Goods from hence for a Purchase of Negroes for the Supply Cargo of Goods from hence for a Purchase of Negroes for the Supply
of the Assients Contract, That in Order to make up a proper Assorten of the Assiento Contract, That in Order to make up a proper Assortmt of