that any other time their Lordships shall think fit to appoint they that any other time their Lordships shall think fit to appoint they
will not fail to attend. I am will not fail to attend. I am
Yor most humble Servant Yor most humble Servant
D. Wexomb D. Wescomb
fr Sr
The Court of Firctor of the south sea Comps having The Court of Directors of the south sea Compa having
ordered Mr Elias Bird & Mr Nathan Hill forthwith to proceed to ordered Mr Elias Bird & Mr Nathan Hill forthwith to proceed to
Antiqua with 20 Shipwrights & Calkers and a Quantity of Materials Antigua with 20 Shipwrights & Calkers and a Quantity of Materials
for repairing and bringing home the Comp: Ship Royal George which for repairing and bringing home the Comp: Ship Royal George which
now lies in English Harbour in the sd Island; They desire You will now lies in English Harbour in the sd Island; They desire You will
please to Move the Rt Honle the Lords Comrs. of the Admiralty to grant please to Move the Rt Honle the Lords Comrs. of the Admiralty to grant
a Protection for the sd Bird & Hill and 20 men for the Voyage out & a Protection for the sd Bird & Hill and 20 men for the Voyage out &
home as well as during their stay at Antegoa. I am home as well as during their stay at Antegoa. I am
Sr. Sr.
Yor most humble Servt Yor most humble Servt
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
7 April 1727 7 April 1727
South Sea House 4 April 1727 South Sea House 14 April 1727
or Sr
The Court of Directors are very much obliged to their Lords The Court of Directors are very much obliged to their Lords
for their granting the Protection for the Carpenters & Calkers going in their for their granting the Protection for the Carpenters & Calkers going in their
Service for Antigoa, But the Master of the Ship wth is hired for Transports Service for Antigoa, But the Master of the Ship wth is hired for Transports
those Men & Matercals for repairing the Royal George having this those Men & Matercals for repairing the Royal George having this
Day informed the Directors, that he had applied to My Lords Comrs of the Day informed the Directors, that he had applied to My Lords Comrs of the
Admiralty, for a like protection for himselfe & 16 Saclors to Navigate his Admiralty, for a like protection for himselfe & 16 Saclors to Navigate his
Ship Ship