Inclased is the South Sea Companys Repraentation Sr, Inclosed is the South Sea Companys Representation
the Rt Homble the Lord Comrs for Trade and Plantations tauching the dut the Rt Honble the Lord Comrs for Trade and Plantations touching the Dutys
of Import and Export of Negroes and Flower at Jamaica wt the Courtat of Import and Export of Negroes and Flower at Jamaica wch the Court of
Directors desire You will please to lay before their Lordships at their fi Directors desire You will please to lay before their Lordships at their first
Meeting Meeting
Inclosed is also a matter relating to Appeals which has been Inclosed is also a matter relating to Appeals which has been
recommended by the Companys Agents in Jamaica to be inserted inthe recommended by the Companys Agents in Jamaica to be inserted in the
future Governors Instructions; If you Judge it a matter that comes future Governors Instructions; If you Judge it a matter that comes
regularly before their Lordt without any previous reference, You will regularly before their Lordps without any previous reference, You will
so good also as to lay it before their Lords at the same time so good also as to lay it before their Lords at the same time
I am I am
Sr. Sr.
Yor most Obed humble Senv Yor most Obed humble Servt
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Lea House South Sea House
7th October 1726 7th October 1726
To the Rt Honbl the Lords Comiss. To the Rt Honbl the Lords Comiss.
for Trade and Plantations. for Trade and Plantations.
The humble Representation of the Court The humble Representation of the Court
of Directors of the South Sea Company of Directors of the South Sea Company
Sheweth. Sheweth.
That His Majesty in Council having on the 10th Die That His Majesty in Council having on the 10th Decr
1724 been pleased to refer to Yor Lord their Petition Complaining 1724 been pleased to refer to Yor Lord their Petition Complaining
of Dutys laid in Jamaica on Negroes & Flower Imported & Exported of Dutys laid in Jamaica on Negroes & Flower Imported & Exported
there, wth greatly affected the said Company in carrying on the Ass there, wth greatly affected the said Company in carrying on the Asso
Trade to the Spanish West Indis A Comrs of the said Company o Trade to the Spanish West Indies A Comee of the said Company did
in February following (by your Lordn Comand) attend & C in February following (by your Lordps Comands) attend & Confer with