You, on the Publick to those Inconvenuncys, which the nad not inceution, but which  You, on the Publick to those Inconveniencys, which we need not [incution], but which
to Justly were Complaind of when you formely granted Such Lycenses to private to Justly were Complained of, when you formely granted Such Lycenses to private
pesons. persons.
Your Complying with this request, will be of Publich Sevrce to the- Your Complying with this request, will be of Publick Service to the-
British Plantations, for by how many Negres We can procure frm Madagascar, British Plantations, for by how many Negroes We can procure from Madagascar,
by So many the great Demand which has cxorbitantly raisd the price of them on the by So many the great Demand which has exorbitantly raisd the price of them on the
Cost of Afsive, will be lessend Coast of Africa, will be lessond.
The South Sea Comps. will be ready to give you such Security against The South Sea Comp.^es. will be ready to give you such Security against
any fraudulent practices of their Captains, or other persons that shall be Employed in any fraudulent practices of their Captains, or other persons that shall be Employed in
Such Voyages as shall be to your Satisfaction, & to allow any reasonable Consideration Such Voyages as shall be to your Satisfaction, & to allow any reasonable Consideration,
for the Lycense or Liberty from time to trime given We hope you will take this into for the Lycense or Liberty from time to trime given.  We hope you will take this into
Your Earlest Consideration, in asmuch as the Parliament, whose Aid bill be Wanting Your Earlest Consideration; in as much as the Parliament, whose Aid will be Wanting,
in Case You agree, are fare Advanced in the Session in Case You agree, are far Advanced in the Session.
I am I am
Gent. Gent.
Yr mast hund Servant Yo.^r most hun Servant
John Eyles John Eyles
6 Sir
Iouth Sber Baus 18 March 1725 South Sea House 18. March 1725
You ane desared to met the retof the Counille appoined by the General You are desired to meet the rest of the Comittee appoined by the General
Court of the South Sea Compr. to Inspect the By Laws, on Tusday next at the South Court of the South Sea Comp.^es to Inspect the By Laws, on Tusday next at the South
Sea Bouse in Broad Street at 4 a Closk peciusly I am Sea House in Broad Street at 4 a Clock precisely.         I am
p Sir
Toall the Genl. of the Comrs. To all the Gent^tle of the Com.^ee
for By Lawd, fut Mr. Sambrock for By Laws, but M.^r. Sambrook
Yr ost hund Servt. Yo.^r most hund Serv.^t.
I Wenont D Wescomb