Tne Interst of Our affaires aboud. It is of too much Concern to us not to be as forsard Ture Interest of Our affaires abroad: It is of too much Concern to us not to be as forward
as you can desire to Communicate the same to you, and evenour Selves to apply to his lath. as you can desire to Communicate the same to you, and even our Selves to apply to his [cath.]
Majesty for the redress that may be wanting to that end Majesty for the redress that may be wanting to that end
Bdyorder of the Caurt of Dirctors By order of the Caurt of Dirctors
London 2 Nor. 1723. London 21 Nov: 1723.
of the Royal Aasents Company of the Royal Aviento Company
of Great Britain of Great Britain
Nescomb D Wescomb
Sr
Flerwith Ssend you the Counts Arsver to your Menl. togther Here with I send you the Courts answer to your Mome. togther
with an Account of the largo of the 150 Tun Ship The John Trygate now upon departer with an Account of the cargo of the 150 Tun Ship The John Frygate now upon departure
for Buenas Ayres. And am for Buenos Ayres. And am
I Sr
Eer Lon [ ]
Your mosthumble Servant Your most humble Servant
South Sea. & ouse South Sea House
WS. WS.
22 Nov. 1723 22 Nov: 1723
South Sea Bouse 17th Dec 1723 South Sea Bouse 17th Dec 1723
Sr
The South Sea Company having taken up the Rusell for 340 The South Sea Company having taken up the Rusell for 340
Sym Eq Lynn Esqr
Negroes & the Francis for 300 to be taken in on the Gold Cast from the Royal Negroes & the Francis for 300 to be taken in on the Gold Coast from the Royal
Affican Companys Agents, which will depart very soon I am orderd to Affican Companys Agents, which will depart very soon I am orderd to
requain you therewith for the Information of Your Court I am also to decile acquaint you therewith for the Information of Your Court I am also to decide
You to let me know what Goods, in Quantity & Species Your Comp. intend You to let me know what Goods, in Quantity & Species Your Comp. intend
to put on board these Ships, that the necessary Directions may be given for to put on board these Ships, that the necessary Directions may be given for
receiving them I au drawing the Deaft of the Contract, which when receiving them I am drawing the Deaft of the Contract, which when
apploved by our Comrs. will be sent you I am approved by our [ ]. will be sent you I am
Sr Sr
Yor most hunble Serd Yr most humble Servt
D. Wasagt D. Wescomb