the Townes the 24 July 1725 and arrived at Vera Cruz the 14th Octr the Downes the 24 July 1725 and arrived at Vera Cruz the 14th Octr
following; She was sent out in Virtue of the Assients Treaty and Sub following; She was sent out in Virtue of the Assiento Treaty and Sub
sequent Convention of the Year 1716, and carried with her a Ceoula sign'd sequent Convention of the Year 1716, and carried with her a Cedula sign'd
by the King of Spain to obviate any Difficulties in her Admission & by the King of Spain to obviate any Difficulties in her Admission &
also another Cedula in favour of the Comp Supra Cargoes who went on also another Cedula in favour of the Comps Supra Cargoes who went on
board her (of both wth (edulas annexed are Translations) board her (of both wth Cedulas annexed are Translations)
That besides the said Annual Ship the following Vessels That besides the said Annual Ship the following Vessels
belonging to the Compt are detained, if not seized Vizt belonging to the Compa are detained, if not seized Vizt
At Vera Cruz At Vera Cruz
The Prince of Asturias Capt. John Cleland The Prince of Asturias Capt. John Cleland
The Rogers St. George Capt. The St. George Capt. Rogers
The Don Carlos Capt. Fenwick The Don Carlos Capt. Fenwick
At Cartagena At Cartagena
The Queen of Spain Capt James Dufay The Queen of Spain Capt James Dufay
At Havana At Havana
The Gibson Don Lewis Capt The Don Lewis Capt Gibson
All wch Vesselscarried Negroes pisuant to the Assiento Treaty, & thas Vessels All wch Vessels carried Negroes psuant to the Assiento Treaty, & those Vessels
have been, a Considerable Time after they were ready to come away, Detained upon have been, a Considerable Time after they were ready to come away, Detained upon
frivolous pretences, and perticularly the Prince of Asturias at Vera Crug, wch frivolous pretences, and perticularly the Prince of Asturias at Vera Cruz, wch
has been Stopt above a Year, Owing to Nothing else at first as the Compt are has been Stopt above a Year, Owing to Nothing else at first as the Compa are
assur'd, than to a Notion the Spaniands had Conceird, that she would have assur'd, than to a Notion the Spaniands had Conceivd, that she would have
brought away a Considerable Treasure, which ditention was directly Contrary brought away a Considerable Treasure, which detention was directly Contrary
to the 14 Article of the Assiento to the 14 Article of the Assiento
At Buenos Ayres At Buenos Ayres
are the following Ships Vizt are the following Ships Vizt
The Capt. who Bonita Saml carried Roberts 520 Nignes The Bonita Capt. Saml Roberts who carried 520 Negroes
The Capt. 434 Bootle Nicholas Do Weibb The Bootle Capt. Nicholas Webb 434 Do
The 480 Duke Do of Cambridge Capt Thos King The Duke of Cambridge Capt Thos King 480 Do
King Capt. 500 William Nehemiah D. Winter King William Capt. Nehemiah Winter 500 Do.
The Capt 350 Esex Nathaniel Do Smith The Essex Capt Nathaniel Smith 350 Do
The apt 400 sea Moor Do Horse White The Sea Horse Capt Moor White 400 Do
The Capt. 600 St Charles Do Michael Burnham The St Michael Capt. Charles Burnham 600 Do
The Capt a Bristol Matthew Store Hent Ship The Bristol Capt Matthew Kent a Store Ship