Ship outand home, thar Lords had not thought fit to grant it in nut Ship outand home, thar Lords had not thought fit to grant it in nut
manner I am therefore by Order of the Court of Directors to give you the manner I am therefore by Order of the Court of Directors to give you the
Second Trouble on that Occasion and to desire you will please to more the Second Trouble on that Occasion and to desire you will please to more the
Lowdr for a Protection for the master of the Ship Mary & Joanna Vizt Lowdr for a Protection for the master of the Ship Mary & Joanna Vizt
Rich Holderson & 16 Sailors for their Voyage to & from Antiqua Fdurn Rich Holderson & 16 Sailors for their Voyage to & from Antiqua Fdurn
their stay there it being absolutely necessary that she should attend the their stay there it being absolutely necessary that she should attend the
Royal George both in Antiqua & in her Return to England. I am Royal George both in Antiqua & in her Return to England. I am
Sr Sr
Your most hum Serv. Your most hum Servt.
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Touth Sea House 29th May 1727 South Sea House 29th May 1727
My Lord Mayor commands me to Acquaint Sr, My Lord Mayor commands me to Acquaint
with the Receipt of your Letters of the 26 Jnst advising the Kingales with the Receipt of your Letters of the 26 Jnst advising the Kingsale
arrival and proceeding for Portsmouth and the kind offer of the Rt Honl arrival and proceeding for Portsmouth and the kind offer of the Rt Honl
the Lords Comrs of the Admiralty either for landing the money there or the Lords Comrs of the Admiralty either for landing the money there or
bringing it to the Nore, wch his Lordt having Comunicated to the Court of bringing it to the Nore, wch his Lordt having Comunicated to the Court of
Directors. They thankfully accept of the latter and humbly pray their Directors. They thankfully accept of the latter and humbly pray their
Lord Orders for bringing their Money to the nore accordingly I am Lord Orders for bringing their Money to the nore accordingly I am
Sr Sr
Yor most Obed humd Servt Yor most Obed humd Servt
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Sr Sr
In Addition to what surote You Yesterday by Order of ye Coutof In Addition to what surote You Yesterday by Order of ye Coutof
Directr am further to Signify their desire That if there be no Inconventeng Directr am further to Signify their desire That if there be no Inconventeng
attending it their Lords will be pleased to order ye Kingsale up the Rever to attending it their Lords will be pleased to order ye Kingsale up the River to
Long Reach for ye more Comodious bringing away the Companys Treasure Long Reach for ye more Comodious bringing away the Companys Treasure
I am I am
Your most Hun Servt Your most Hun Servt
D. Wesond D. Wescomb
If House 3o May 1727 SS House 30 May 1727