South Sea House 2 April 1726 South Sea House 2 April 1726
Sr The South Sea Company having an unarvidable Sr,  The South Sea Company having an unarvidable
occasion for a Waterman to attend their Business, Their Court of Directr occasion for a Waterman to attend their Business, Their Court of Directr
desire you will please to move the Rt Honble the Lords Comrs of the Admi desire you will please to move the Rt Honble the Lords Comrs of the Admi
-ralty for a Protection for George Tate He is of Middle Stature, light brown -ralty for a Protection for George Tate He is of Middle Stature, light brown
Hair, a small Seare on his upper Lif, Aged &6 Years I am Hair, a small Seare on his upper Lif, Aged &6 Years I am
Sr. Sr.
Your very humble Servt Your very humble Servt
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
To the Rt Honbtl the Lords Comissr To the Rt Honbtl the Lords Comissr
for Executing the Office of Ld High for Executing the Office of Ld High
Admiral of Great Britain. Admiral of Great Britain.
May it please yor Lord May it please yor Lord
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company
being advised that His Majestys Ship the Falkland late under the being advised that His Majestys Ship the Falkland late under the
Comand of Capt Barrow Harris Dec is now happily arrived at Spithead Comand of Capt Barrow Harris Dec is now happily arrived at Spithead
having on board a very Considerable Treasure belonging to the said having on board a very Considerable Treasure belonging to the said
Company. They humbly Intreat Your Lords to give Directions for Company. They humbly Intreat Your Lords to give Directions for
the said Ships proceeding to Woolwick or Deptford for Decivering the said Ships proceeding to Woolwick or Deptford for Decivering
the same to such Persons as they shall appoint the same to such Persons as they shall appoint
South Sea House South Sea House
26 April 1726 26 April 1726
By order of the Court of Directr By order of the Court of Directr
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Delivered the same day & the Ansr was that the Delivered the same day & the Ansr was that the
Falkland men were turnd over to another ship Falkland men were turnd over to another ship
&c so could not be Granted &c so could not be Granted