South Sea House 2 Feby 1789 South Sea House 21 Feby 1723/
Rt. Hone Rt. Honble Sr
His Majesty having ban graccusly pleaced to His Majesty having ban graciously pleased to
Grant to the South Sea Company His Right in the Assignments formerly Grant to the South Sea Company His Right in the Assignments formerly
made by the late King of Spain of the Reservations of the 10 P C made by the late King of Spain of the Reservations of the 10 P C
of the Profits of the Two Licence Ships and also of the 5 p Ct of the of the Profits of the Two Licence Ships and also of the 5 p Ct of the
proffits of every Annual Ship to the Spanish West Indies granted by proffits of every Annual Ship to the Spanish West Indies granted by
the Assiento Treaty and as before the said Company can Receive any the Assiento Treaty and as before the said Company can Receive any
Benefit of his Majestys favour herein, It is necessary that Regular Cedulas Benefit of his Majestys favour herein, It is necessary that Regular Cedulas
in Confirmation of the said Assignments be Obtaind of the Court at Madrid in Confirmation of the said Assignments be Obtaind of the Court at Madrid
We desire you will be pleased to favour Us with a Letter to His Excellency We desire you will be pleased to favour Us with a Letter to His Excellency
Mr Stanhope Directing him to Exhibit proper memorials for that Mr Stanhope Directing him to Exhibit proper memorials for that
purpose purpose
This Iwrite by Order of the Court of Directors, And am This Iwrite by Order of the Court of Directors, And am
My Lord My Lord
Your Lord &c Your Lord & ca
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
May it please yor Lord. May it please yor Lord.
His Majrs having been graciously pleased at His Majrs having been graciously pleased at
our former Instances to Grant to Fra Stratford Esqr Our Agent at Madrid our former Instances to Grant to Fras Stratford Esqr Our Agent at Madrid
His Royal Comrs. (Cepy whereof is hereunto annexed) And We apprehending His Royal Comrs. (Cepy whereof is hereunto annexed) And We apprehending
from the Advices rec from our said Agent That it is necessary that in the from the Advices rec from our said Agent That it is necessary that in the
present Alteration at the Court of Madrid by K Philips resigning the present Alteration at the Court of Madrid by K Philips resigning the
Crown ye sd Comrs be renewd We therefore pray yor Lords humbly to move his Maj Crown ye sd Comrs be renewd We therefore pray yor Lords humbly to move his Maj
for Orders for renewing the same for Orders for renewing the same
By Order of the Court of Directors of the south Sea Company By Order of the Court of Directors of the south Sea Company
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House
20th Febry 1723