To the R. Honl the Lords Comiss. To the R. Honl the Lords Comissrs.
of His Majesty's Treasury. of His Majesty's Treasury.
May it please your Lordships, May it please your Lordships,
Whereas by an Act of the last Session of Parliament Whereas by an Act of the last Session of Parliament
Entitled an act for raising Five hundred and Fifty Thousand Entitled an act for raising Five hundred and Fifty Thousand
Pounds by Exchequer Bills towards the Supply granted to His Majs Pounds by Exchequer Bills towards the Supply granted to His Majs
and for the further Application of the Sinking Fund e) It is and for the further Application of the Sinking Fund e) It is
Enacted, intor alia, That a Million of Money shall at Missumer Enacted, intor alia, That a Million of Money shall at Missumer
Day next be Issued and paid to the South Sea Company out of the Day next be Issued and paid to the South Sea Company out of the
Sinking Fund in Discharge of so much of their Capital due from Sinking Fund in Discharge of so much of their Capital due from
the Publick, and that the same should be paid in One entire pay the Publick, and that the same should be paid in One entire pay
ment In case the said Company should Signify such their desire ment In case the said Company should Signify such their desire
ten Days at the least before the said day ten Days at the least before the said day
The Court of Directors of the said Comp. beg leave The Court of Directors of the said Compa. beg leave
therefore to Acquaint your Lordships That as they are required therefore to Acquaint your Lordships That as they are required
by the same act to Divide the said Miltion forthwith among the by the same act to Divide the said Miltion forthwith among the
Proprietors of the Stock, It will be most Convenient to the sd Comps Proprietors of the Stock, It will be most Convenient to the sd Comps
to receive the same in One entire payment, And which they accor to receive the same in One entire payment, And which they accor
dingly desin. dingly desire.
By Order of the Court of Directors By Order of the Court of Directors
D Wescomb Secry D Wescomb Secry
Touth Sea House South Sea House
1sth June 1730 12th June 1730