My Lord. My Lord.
In Oledence to Your Graes Comands Signesyed by In Oledence to Your Graes Comands Signesyed by
Mr Stanyan We have hereto annexed an Accot of Gold & Silver which the Mr Stanyan We have hereto annexed an Accot of Gold & Silver which the
Company received from their Agents Messrs Rigby and Pratter at Jamaica Company received from their Agents Messrs Rigby and Pratter at Jamaica
and which was Shipd on the Mermaid & Nonsuch men of War amounting in and which was Shipd on the Mermaid & Nonsuch men of War amounting in
the whole to 133,687:1 Ps & by the Mennaid & ps £ 34,970:62 by the the whole to 133,687:1 Ps & by the Mennaid & ps £ 34,970:62 by the
Nonsuch It is a great Surprize to us that this should be made a Subject of Nonsuch It is a great Surprize to us that this should be made a Subject of
Complaint, it being no ways forbid by the Assiento Treaty but that the Complaint, it being no ways forbid by the Assiento Treaty but that the
Company may at pleasure bring their Effects & Returns for their Trade by Company may at pleasure bring their Effects & Returns for their Trade by
their sloops from the Coast to Jamaica & thence home which was this Case their sloops from the Coast to Jamaica & thence home which was this Case
and the Ches Eon the Spanish Director who Sits among us cannot Conceive and the Ches Eon the Spanish Director who Sits among us cannot Conceive
what can be said against it, or how this can be Complaind of. As to any what can be said against it, or how this can be Complaind of. As to any
further Treasure that may have been brought hither in the sd Two Ships further Treasure that may have been brought hither in the sd Two Ships
the Company are no ways Interested therein, nor do they know whether the the Company are no ways Interested therein, nor do they know whether the
Fact be true, and your Grace well knows the Company cannot be answerable Fact be true, and your Grace well knows the Company cannot be answerable
for what the Capt. of Ships of Warr do, They have allways given it in for what the Capt. of Ships of Warr do, They have allways given it in
Street Charge to all their own ships to avoid doing any thing in Breach Street Charge to all their own ships to avoid doing any thing in Breach
of the 26 Article of the Ass. Treaty and they have never heard that any of of the 26 Article of the Ass. Treaty and they have never heard that any of
their own Captains have been to blame herein, or even if they should Attempt their own Captains have been to blame herein, or even if they should Attempt
it & be discovered tis expresly stipulated by the same Article that ye Offend it & be discovered tis expresly stipulated by the same Article that ye Offend
shall be answerable & not the Compts so that upon the whole the Complaint shall be answerable & not the Compts so that upon the whole the Complaint
against the Company in these particulars is perfectly Groundless against the Company in these particulars is perfectly Groundless
Mde La Faye has sent us the Extracts of ye several Paragraphs Mde La Faye has sent us the Extracts of ye several Paragraphs
and Papers your Grace recd by the last Express wch relate to the Company for and Papers your Grace recd by the last Express wch relate to the Company for
which We return your Grace our hearty Thanks We are which We return your Grace our hearty Thanks We are
Your Graces. Your Graces.
Most Obedt humble Servants Most Obedt humble Servants
In Cyles Sub Govern Jno Eyles Sub Govern
Jn Rudge Dept. Go0. Jn Rudge Dept. Go0.
London 10 Decm 1724 London 10 Decm 1724