15 16
Treasurg Treasury
William Lownder Eqr William Lownder Esq^r
Douth Sea house 25th July 17241 South Sea house 25th July 1721
Imediately upon the Receipt of yor Lrers of this days date Imediately upon the Receipt of yo^r L^rers of this day's date
wherein you desire the Court of Directors of the South sea Company to transmit to b wherein you desire the Court of Directors of the South sea Company to transmit to the 
Lords Comisr. of his Mass Theasury an attested copy of the Resolution of the sov Lords Comiss^r. of his Mas^s Treasury an attested copy of the Resolution of the South
Sea Company in their General Court for allowing the Proprietors of the Redum Sea Company in their General Court for allowing the Proprietors of the Redeemable
Extractof Minites of the Funds Subscribed into the said Company and the Props of the 2d 3d & 4t Money Extractof Minites of the Funds Subscribed into the said Company and the Prop^s of the 2nd 3rd & 4th Money
Subscriptions, Stock at the rate of 400 pent with the midsum Dividend of 10 p Subscriptions, Stock at the rate of 400 cent with the midsum Dividend of 10 p
in Stock. I laid the said Letter (in the absence of a Court of Directors) before One in Stock. I laid the said Letter (in the absence of a Court of Directors) before One
of the Governours, by whose Order Isend you the Inclosed Extract of the Minutes. of the Governours, by whose Order I send you the Inclosed Extract of the Minutes.
of the General Court for their Lord. Information which it is hoped will ana of the General Court for their Lord. Information which it is hoped will ana
their Intention I am their Intention I am
Sr Sr
Yor Most humble Servt Yo^r Most humble Serv^t
Wescomb Seiry D Wescomb Seiry
The Mentes mestaned in the freging Le weae int Irelaed and are a flawe The Minutes mentioned in the foregoing be were sent Ireland and are as following 
Inday 30 Septen 170 Friday 30th  Septem^r  1720
At a General Court of the South sea Company At a General Court of the South sea Company
The Sad Govern opend the Court in Manner following viz The Sub Govern^r opend the Court in Manner following in
Se t ge resenals Se t ge resenals
Gent Gent
In Pursuance of the Power Yougave yor Court of Tath In Pursuance of the Power You gave yo^r Court of Directors
at the last General Court, Iam to acquaint you they are come to the following Agreements with at the last General Court, Iam to acquaint you they are come to the following Agreements with
the Bank of England viz the Bank of England viz^
That the Pank are to Circulate for the use of this Company a Larg & sum in the Bond of the That the Bank are to Circulate for the use of this Company a Large sum in the Bond of the
Company or in Bank Sealed Bills, in Order to which a Laye Subscription has been taken by the Bark Company or in Bank Sealed Bills, in Order to which a Laye Subscription has been taken by the Bark
Yor. Court of Directors have also agreed with the Bank of England That the Sunds of the Yo^r. Court of Directors have also agreed with the Bank of England That the Funds of the
Bank of England of 2000000. and of 1775,000. making together $3725000 or Bank of England of 2000000. and of 1775,000. making together $3725000 or
thereabouts Redeemable by Parliament upon a years notice be Subscribed into the thereabouts Redeemable by Parliament upon a years notice be Subscribed into the
Stock of this Company, for which the Bark shall be Intitled to such Share had Stock of this Company, for which the Bank shall be Intitled to such Share in the 
Capt. Stock of the Company as the said Punds will Produce the stock being valued at Capt. Stock of the Company as the said Funds will Produce the stock being valued at
100 pbent, The Wark to be mntited to the Dividends of Midsumrs last of 10 f int 400 Cent, The Bank to be intitled to the Dividends of Midsum last of 10 f int
and all Profts arising from that time, this Company to receive ye Amnuity duees and all ProfIts arising from that time, this Company to receive ye Amnuity duees
the said Punds from & after the 29th Instant the said Funds from & after the 29th Instant
Yor. Cout of Fuctors have also in Pursuance of he Power yongare hen Yo^r. Court of Directors have also in Pursuance of he Power you gave them at 