to order the said Ship into the Pope there to wait Some Timeths at Demorage to order the said Ship into the Rope there to wait Some Time ths at Demorage
eather than send her to a Foreign Market; And having accordingly detained Rather than send her to a Foreign Market; And having accordingly detained
bur there near two Months an Actpassd for reducing that Duty: But her there near two Months an Act passd for reducing that Duty: But
wrs to their great Surprize they are told by the Honl Comrs. of his Majestys now to their great Surprize they are told by the Hon.^ble Com^rs. of his Majestys
Custones, that the sd Act cannot affect the Suuiff by the said Ship wnas much Custones, that the sd Act cannot affect the Snuff by the said Ship i in as much
as they lookd on her coming to the Pope before the 1st of June from which as they lookd on her coming to the Pope before the 1st of June from which
Fine the Acttakes place) to be an Importation at the sort of London before Time the Act takes place) to be an Importation at the port of London before
that Time, Which Construction, if it should prevail, will oblige them to that Time, Which Construction, if it should prevail, will oblige them to
And the said Ship & Cargo to a Toreign Market to the great Loss of the Dety And the said Ship & Cargo to a Foreign Market to the great Loss of the Duty
o the Croune, as willa Damage to the Company to the Crowne, as well as Damage to the Company
They therefore humbly pray Yor. Lordt. Interposition for They therefore humbly pray Yo^r. Lord^ps. Interposition for
Southler Couse South  Sea House
Relief, as soon as possible, the Ship lying at a considerable Relief, as soon as possible, the Ship lying at a considerable
26 May 1726 26 May 1726
Dumnorage Demorage
Deb 8. June Dec 8. June
1726 1726
By Order of the Court of Derectors By Order of the Court of Directors
D. Wescomb Secy D. Wescomb Sec^ry
11166 11166
Asor S. Rob R^t Hon^ble F  Rob.^T
So Sir
Delpoler Mnt. of Walpoler  hn^t. of
You will see by the Memorial inclosed how much not only the You will see by the Memorial inclosed, how much not only the
w Most Noble the Most Noble
Juf y Garter order  of ye  Garter
South Sea Company, but the Publick are like to be disappointed, in the Benefitt South Sea Company, but the Publick are like to be disappointed, in the Benefitt
expected by the late Act for regulating the Duty on Seruiff in respect to the Seniff expected by the late Act for regulating the Duty on Snuff in respect to the Snuff
on board their Shyp the Devonshire Capt. Stonelam I hope you will give on board their Ship the Devonshire Cap^t. Stoneham I hope you will give
Leave Leave