Thus may it please yor Lords would the Annual Cast to the Thus may it please yor Lords would the Annual Cast to the
Publick have eacuided this Companys Demand of £20824:16:7½ P c Publick have eacuided this Companys Demand of £20824:16:7½ P c
and Yet here is no Allonance made in the £10618:1:9 for several preve and Yet here is no Allonance made in the £10618:1:9 for several preve
Expences allond and paid Yearly to the Usher of the Exchequer all wt Expences allond and paid Yearly to the Usher of the Exchequer all wt
we humbly Conceive are within the meaning of the Act, And as we we humbly Conceive are within the meaning of the Act, And as we
presume may amount to a Considerable Sum presume may amount to a Considerable Sum
But as the determination of this Affair as well as ye stowen But as the determination of this Affair as well as ye stowen
in the beforementioned Acts are Vested in the Lords Commissrs of His in the beforementioned Acts are Vested in the Lords Commissrs of His
Majestys Treasury. We willingly Submit the whole to Yor Lordship Majestys Treasury. We willingly Submit the whole to Yor Lordship
great Wisdom hoping when yor Lordss have Considerd the same You great Wisdom hoping when yor Lordss have Considerd the same You
will be pleased to grant this Company the said Allowance of will be pleased to grant this Company the said Allowance of
£2084:16:7/2 P Ann for Charges of management of their Increased £2084:16:7/2 P Ann for Charges of management of their Increased
Cpital Capital
By Order of the Court of Directors By Order of the Court of Directors
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
30th Augt 1722 30th Augt 1722
To the Re Hon: the Ld. Chrancello he To the Re Hon: the Ld. Chrancello he
Lt. President & the Chancellor of ye Excheg Lt. President & the Chancellor of ye Excheg
My Lords. My Lords.
Yor Lordships having been pleased ty Yor Lordships having been pleased ty
your Award published the 25th August last on the Matters in Differe your Award published the 25th August last on the Matters in Differe
between the Bank of England and the South Sea Company refere between the Bank of England and the South Sea Company refere
to Your Lordships Arbitration to Determine Vizt. to Your Lordships Arbitration to Determine Vizt.
hat the Charge of the said Subscription be born by the That the Charge of the said Subscription be born by the
asaid two Societies equally and that the South Sea Company asaid two Societies equally and that the South Sea Company
a be responsible & make Satisfaction to the Bank of Englasd a be responsible & make Satisfaction to the Bank of Englasd
a for one half of the said Charge & no more a for one half of the said Charge & no more
And And