his Excy with this Addition, That the Assignment on the Chests at Mexico his Ex.^cy with this Assignment on, That the Assignment on the Chests at Mexico
mentiond in the said Letter Amounts to Upwards of Five hundred Thousand mentiond in the said Letter Amounts to Upwards of Five hundred Thousand
pesos of And as to the Accompts demanded You will also please to pesos  8/8  And as to the Accompts demanded You will also pleases to
acquaint his Exy. that no time has been lost indrawing them out. But the acquaint his Ex.^c.y. that no time has been lost in drawing them out. But the
Mestitution of the Companys Reprisaliated Effect, having but in small past Restitution of the Companys Reprisaliated Effect, having but in small part
been Complied with, & their many Dependencies at the Court of Madred being been Complied with, & their many Dependencies at the Court of Madrid being
andetermind, those Accot are renderd Intricate & take up much Time undetermind, those Acco.^ts are renderd Intricate & take up much Time.
However the best that can be formd shall be forthwith dispatched Which is However the best that can be formd shall be forthwith dispatched. Which is
what I have in Comand to acquaint you with for the Information of his Excy. what I have in Comand to acquaint you with for the Information of his Ex.^cy.
I am I am
ISr Sir
Yor most hund Servt Yo^r most hum.^b Serv.^t
D Mescomb D. Wescomb
South SeaBouse London South Sea  House London
ap. Yeauson Cap^t. Youron
Comander of y Comander of y.^e
7 May 1726 7 May 1726
Don Caclos Don Carlos
Herwith I send You Instructions for your better Government Herwith I send You Instructions for your better Government
in the Execution of Your Duty of Comander of the Companys Sloop the Don Cacles in the Execution of Your Duty of Comander of the Companys Sloop the Don Carlos
together with a Box directed to Mossrs Righy & Ratter the Companys Agents at together with a Box directed to Mess.^rs Rigby & Pratter the Companys Agents at
Lamaica, which you are to take particular Care of I deliver safe to them Making Jamaica, which you are to take particular Care of & deliver safe to them Making
all possible Dispatch to that Island all possible Dispatch to that Island
This I am Commanded to Signify This I am Comanded to Signify
to you, who am to you, who am
Sir, Sir,
Yr humble Servt Yo.^r humble Serv.^t
W.S. W.S.