S Sir 
The Count of Derectors of the eath ha Comp. having enforer the The Court of Directors of the South Sea Comp^y [Company]having enforer the
Comrs. of Buying to treat with the Royal Afsican Comp. for Supplenathenan Com^ers. of Buying to treat with the Royal African Comp^y.[Company] for Suppling the on as the
223 Negres at Angola I am orderd to acquaint you thereof; And the sad Co 325 Negroes at Angola I am orderd to acquaint you thereof; And the said Company
will meet at the Sonuth Sea House on Tuesday next at 10 a Clock in the foresn will meet at the Sonuth Sea House on Tuesday next at 11 a Clock in the forenoon
Ti. Lymel Fra. Lynn Esq^e
I am Ht I am (?) c.
Porth Ser Hane South Sea House
9 May 1723 9 May 1723
W.8 W.S.
Str SIr
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company having great The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company having great_
occusion for the Warchorses in Gresham Colldge now in the Occupation of occusion for the Warehouses in Gresham College now in the Occupation of the
last India Company desire You will be pleased to acquaint Your Court there last India Company desire You will be pleased to acquaint Your Court there
& that it will be kindly taken if they will acomodate the So. Sea Company m & that it will be kindly taken if they will acomodate the So.[South] Sea Company [?]
them Which I am orderd to Signify to You them Which I am orderd to Signify to You
Mr Woley Mr Woolley
I am I am
SouthSler House South Sea House
9 May 1223 9. May 1723
Ypl. Yo^es &c
W. W.S.
My Lord My Lord
The South Sea Company having dispatchd their Ancel The South Sea Company having dispatchd their Annual
ship the Royal Pince with a Carge of goods and Merchandire for the sa ship the Royal Prince with a Cargo of goods and Merchandire for the Port
of Vera Crur in New Spain pursuant to the Treatys between the Crowns of ye of Vera Cruz in New Spain pursuant to the Treatys between the Crowns of Great 
Britain and Spain and his CM. Cedules grounded thereupon, And the sa Britain and Spain and his C.M. Cedules grounded thereupon, And the said Ships
having actually saild from the Downs on her said Voyage, on Saturday the having actually saild from the Downs on her said Voyage, on Saturday the
To the Spanish 11^th [11th] of this Instant May , I have it in command from the Court of Directors 
Ambassador of the said Company to give your Exc^y  this notice thereof conformable to the
May of Jasthent of the Intent May. I hare it in cmmand from the Court of Dut Directions of the late Convention. I am
of the said Company to give your Excr. this notice thereof conformate te My Lord
6 Your Ex^eys most Obed^t
Directions of the late Convention. Iem and most humble Serv^t [Servent]
My Lord D.Wecomb
Your Exrs most Obed To the Spanish 
South Sea House Ambassador
and most humble Servt Mar^q of Pero Bueno
16 May 1723 South Sea House 
6 Mor 16 May 1723