as you very well know, We have examin'd both there Captains as far as we can, without as you very well know, We have examin'd both there Captains as far as we can, without
further Light and do not find any pound for your Supposition further Light and do not find any pound for your Supposition
Rolon Qui       Con
By order of the Court of Directors By order of the Court of Directors
6 October 1726 6 October 1726
of the Royal Assien to Company of the Royal Assiento   Company .
D.W D.W
Sir Sir
Inclosd is the fouthfea Companys Reprecentation to he Re onos the Inclosd is the South  Sea Companys Representation to the Rt   Hono.^ble the
Lords Comps for hrade & Plantations, touching the Duty of Import & Export of Negroes and Lords Comps for trade & Plantations, touching the Duty of Import & Export of Negroes and
Sower at Jamaica, which the Court of Directors desire you will please to lay before their Flower at Jamaica, which the Court of Directors desire you will please to lay before their
fordsts at their firstmeeting Lord^ps  at their first meeting
Inclosed is also a Matter relating to Appeals which has been recomended by the Company Inclosed is also a Matter relating to Appeals which has been recomended by the Company
Agents in Jamaicao to be Incerted in the future Governors Instructions. If you Judge it a Agents in Jamaicao to be Inserted in the future Governors Instructions. If you Judge it a
Matter that comes regularly before their Lordss, without any previous reference, you with Matter that comes regularly before their Lordps, without any previous reference, you will
be so good also as to lay it before their Lordps at the same time be so good also as to lay it before their Lordps at the same time
I am I am
7 Octr 1726 7 Octr 1726
for Sir
Pr most Obedt humble Sord Pr most Obedt humble Sord
Poppe Eo. Popple Esq^r.
SW DW
Tothe . Hore thelord Comps for rade & Pantatons. To the .Rt  Hono:ble the lords Comiss for Trade & Plantations.
The humble Representation of the Court of The humble Representation of the Court of
Directors of the South Sex Company Directors of the South Sex Company
Sheweth Sheweth
That his Majy in Council having on the 10th Decr 1724 That his Maj.^y in Council having on the 10th Decr 1724
been pleased to referr to Yor Lords there Petr complaining of Dutys laid in Jaml been pleased to referr to Yo^r Lordp.^s there Potn complaining of Dutys laid in Jam.^ca
on Negroes & Flower Imported & exported there, which greatly affected the said on Negroes & Flower Imported & exported there, which greatly affected the said
Company in calrying on the Assients Trade to the Spanish West Judies Afomre Company in carrying on the Assiento Trade to the Spanish West Indies  a Com.^ee  
of the sd. Comp did in Febly following (by yor Loldr Comands attend & Confer of the sd. Comp.^a did in Febry following (by yo^r Lordps Comands attend & Confer
with with