in New Spain, under the Hamen in New Spain, under the name or
128 128
la Nowells Espagne sous to Nom on la Nowells Espagne sous le Nom ou
Colon of Aleavalas, and for such par Colour of Aleavalas, and for such part
Preteate d Alcavalas, & pour les Droits Pretexte d'Alcavalas, & pour les Droits
of those Dutys as they have not actrall of those Dutys as they have not actually
que nont pas ete actuellement payer qui nont pas ete actuelloment payez
paid, their Factors have beenobleged to paid, their Factors have been obliged to
leurs Facteurs ontake obliger de donner leurs Facteurs ont ete obligez de donser
Cautian de Se Soumettre a la Decision Cautian de Se Soumettre a la Decision
give Security to a bide by his Cath May give Security to abide by his Cath^o. Maj^ty
de S. M. Cldaus Son Consil &e Inder Determination in his Council of Ja de S. M. C.daus Son Consil &e Indes Determination in his Council of [Indus]
lat pourquory la Comps frce quvil Sort c'est pourquory la Comp^e price qu'il Soit
The Company therefore pray that The Company therefore pray that
pourveu dans la Depeche quon dortfaur pourveu dans la Depeehe qu'on doitflaire
Provision may be made in the intense Provision may be made in the intended
Dispatch for setting aside this pretenne Dispatch for setting aside this pretension
guon se separte de catle prekension, guton qu'on se departe de cetle pretension, qu'on
restitie largent qui a ete extorque, es restitute l'argent qui a ete extorque, et
quon annulle les Obligations de Seureter qu'on annullo les Obligations de Sourelez
for refuending the Money exterted and for refunding the Money extorted and
for Cancelling the Security Bonds for Cancelling the Security Bonds
guv out ite donnees a citte occasion after qui ont ete donnees a cotte occasion afin
given on this occasion; That the given on this occasion; That the
que la Comps pursse jouir des benefices de que la Comp^e puisse jouir des benefices des
Company may Enjoy in the fulles Company may Enjoy in the fullest
Vaisseaux Annuels dans toute leue Eten Vaisseaux Annuels dans toute leur Eten
Extent the Benefit of the Asinual Extent the Benefit of the Annual
=due, Coctroy desquels est fonde sur les plu =due, L'octroy desquels est fonde sur les [plu]
Ships, the Grant of wch was founded Ships, the Grant of w^ch. was founded
grauds Motiss, et les Considerations les grauds Motiss, et les Considerations les
on the greatest Motives, and Noblert on the greatest Motives, and Noblest
Jolis Nobles. plus Nobles.
Considerations Considerations
6 Quoy que P.M. Cait par Sa 6. Quoy que S.M. C.ait par Sa
6 Tho his Cath. Majy. hasly 6. Tho his Cath^o. Maj^ty.. has by
Sevr Royale forde Sur le Traite de pair Ced^e. Royale forde Sur le Traite de paix
his Royal Cedula grounded on he his Royal Cedula grounded on he factory
conclu entre les deux Comonnes positivem [conclu] entre les deux Comonnes positivet
of peace made between the two Crun of peace made between the two Crown
ordorine a Ses Officiers dans les Indes de ordonnne a Ses Officiers dans les Indes de
positively orderd his Officers in he da positively orderd his Officers in the [Indies]
resthtuer les Effets de ta Comp. que avoiens restituer les Effets de la Comp^e. que avoient
to restore the Company's Effects which to restore the Company's Effects which
ste saises dans laderinere malhemeuse ete saisis dans la derinere malheureuse
weee unbargd upon the late unteat were enbarg'd upon the late unhappy
Rupture, la Comp. ia jamais pejusques Rupture, la Comp^e. [ua] jamais piyusques
Kuptue; The Comps have hithers Ruptue; The Comp^s have hitherto
ici recouvrer aucune partie de largent ici recouvrer aucune partie de L'Argent
not been able to recover any part of he not been able to recover any part of he
en Espece, & particuliarement a Parrama en Espece, & particuliarement a Panama
Money Specie, & particularly afferd Money Specie, & particularly [ at panama]
oe lon avoit depare plus de 700,000 p doe where there had been deprited of the tin ou l'on avoit depose plus de 700,000 p do 8/8 where there had been deposited of the comp^s
Cash upwards of 70000/ Cash upwards of 700,000 p 8/8. The
appartenant a la baisse de ta Comps. La appartenant a la [baisse] de la Comp^e. La
Sig. Royal
Officiers Officiers