with the Courtof Spain, and that her largs be at Siberty a tean ;with the Court of Spain, and that her Cargo be at Liberty as it  ought
to be sold upon her areival at Vera Crue, without waiting the pl ;to be Sold upon her arrival at Vera Cruz, without waiting the 4 Months 
mentioned in the Treaty, Inas much ar the said ship will have bee ;mentioned in the Treaty, In as much as the said ship will have been
kept here that time ;kept here that time.
The Courtof Directors do therefore humbly beseeth you The Court of Directors do therefore humbly beseech your
Majesty, that your Majesty will be graciously pleased o Majesty, that your Majesty will be graciously pleased to
Interpose with the Court of Spain that the Company Interpose with the Court of Spain that the Company
may not receive any prejudice, by so fair Complying w may not receive any prejudice, by so farr Complying with
their request in Regard to their Annual Ship, but that their request in Regard to their Annual Ship, but that
on the Contrary in Consideration thereof their many on the Contrary in Consideration thereof, their many
dependencies at the Court of Spain may be dispatchd a dependencies at the Court of Spain may be dispatchd and
such further Priviledges in Tade, and Explanacons o such further Priviledges in Tade, and Explanations of
the Assients Treaty may be obtaind, as shall be Judged the Assiento Treaty, may be obtaind, as shall be Judged
reasonable for the more Effectual carrying on the same reasonable for the more Effectual carrying on the same
and for the preventing for the time to come, the many and for the preventing for the time to come, the many
Imbarrasments the Company have hitherto meet with Imbarrassments, the Company have hither to meet with
as Your Majesty in Your great goodness and Wisdow as Your Majesty in Your great goodness and Wisdom
shall see meet shall see meet
By Order of the Court of By Order of the Court of 
Directors Directors
South Sea House 23 Aug. 122 South Sea House 23^d Aug. 1722
John Eyles Sub Gaver John Eyles Sub. Gover^r
John Rudge Dep Ge John Rudge De: Gov:^r
Mem Heads of particulars to be Ask'd of Spain (as containd in the Mem: Heads of particulars to be Ask'd of Spain (as contain'd in the
Minutes of Com: Corresp of 29 Aug:) were on the 6 Sepr ad to the Rhons Minutes of Com: Corresp^s of 29^t Aug:) were on the 6^t Sep^t dd to the R^t hon^ble
the md Cartaret but. the Lord  Cartaret. &us. 
Sir, Sir,
Mr Rigby being desirous to be Dispatched, & the Company being M^r Rigby being desirous to be Dispatched, & the Company being
likewise pressing to have him proceed to Jamaica to take Care of the Cmpr likewise pressing to have him proceed to Jamaica to take Care of the Company.
Affairs in Conjunction with Mr Pratter I am Orderd to acquaint You Affairs in Conjunction with M^r Pratters I am Orderd to acquaint You
therewith and to let You know that a Comrs. will meet neat Tuisday o therewith and to let You know that a Com^ee. will meet next Tuesday at
a scarity for ye Agants ab^t Security for the Agents
at Senbasia at Jamaica.
his house at 5 precisely to see Mr Rigby & his Securitys excute ther w this house at 5 precisely to see M^r Rigby & his Securitys excute their (Article?)
& Donds at which Time it is expected Mr Pratters Security will be ladty t & Bonds at which Time it is expected M^r Pratters Security will be ready To
prevent Trouble to You, a letter goes also by this Messenger to Coll. Themp Prevent Trouble to You, a letter goes also by this Messenger to Coll. Thompson
Mr Serle M^r Serle
who it is presumed offers himself as one of his Securities. I am who it is presumed offers himself as one of his Securities. I am
at Lockley at Lockley
weart hen South Ser house (sey Office near Willing South Sea house (Sec^rys Office)
So S^r
Herfordh 8 Aug. 1722 Hertfordsh (Hertford?). 8. Aug^st. 1722/
Yor most humble set Yo^r most humble Serv^t
W.S. W.S.