Misfortune as a Refusal of Admittance at Buenos Ayres Misfortune as a Refusal of Admittance at Buenos Ayres
would be would be
The Court of Directors therefore beseech your Grace The Court of Directors therefore beseech your Grace
that you will please to represent this matter to his Majesty, & to that you will please to represent this matter to his Majesty, & to
obtain his Orders to My Lord Syrawley Envoy at Liston, to Sollicit obtain his Orders to My Lord Tyrawley Envoy at Lisbon, to Sollicit
of the Crown of Portugal Letters of Lycense & Protection for each of the Crown of Portugal Letters of Lycense & Protection for each
of the aforemention'd Ships, to the respective Governors of ye Colony of the aforemention'd Ships, to the respective Governors of ye Colony
of Newo Sacramento in the River of Plate of his de Genero and of Nuevo Sacramento in the River of Plate of Rio de Genero and
of Bahia de todos las Santos on the Coast of Brasil, that in case of of Bahia de todos las Santos on the Coast of Brasil, that in case of
War or refusal to admit the same or any of them at Buinos Ayres, War or refusal to admit the same or any of them at Buenos Ayres,
They may be sufferd to go into either of those places, & have liberty They may be sufferd to go into either of those places, & have liberty
to Vend their Negroes, under any the several Ponaltys whatsoever to Vend their Negroes, under any the several Penaltys whatsoever
not to sell or dispose of any thing else. This we are told will very not to sell or dispose of any thing else. This we are told will very
easily be granted if such Application be made, & will be a means easily be granted if such Application be made, & will be a means
of preventing a great Misfortune that may otherwise possibly of preventing a great Misfortune that may otherwise possibly
befall the Company. And they beg your Grace will lase no time befall the Company. And they beg your Grace will lose no time
in this it requiring all possible Dispatch in this it requiring all possible Dispatch
By Order of the Court of Directors By Order of the Court of Directors
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
London 29t March 1729 London 29th March 1729
To the R. Hon. the Lords Comissioner for To the R. Honble. the Lords Comissioner for
Executing ye Office of Ld High Adm of Ge Britains Executing ye Office of Ld High Adml of Gt Britain & ca
May it please yor Lordships May it please yor Lordships
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company
humbly crave leave to Represent, That the Ship St Michael Bur humbly crave leave to Represent, That the Ship St Michael Bur
then 370 Tons or thereabout, Carrying 70 Men & 30 Guns, under then 370 Tons or thereabout, Carrying 70 Men & 30 Guns, under