228 228
M Bmpted Mr. Bumpsted
Sr.
You are desir'd to attend the Comittee on thureday morning next You are desir'd to attend the Comittee on Thursday morning next
at 8:9 Whenyou may bring any persons you think proper, to be examind at 8:9; When you may bring any persons you think proper, to be examind
in your behalf. in your behalf.
Iam for I am Sr.
Jos morthumble ser& Yo.^r most humble Serv.^t
25 July ye7. 25 July 1727.
The like Letter & die to Mr Canham The like Letter d.^o die to Mr Canham
Cap. Rupert Waring Cap.^t Rupert Waring
The Court of directors of the Southsea Company having this The Court of directors of the South Sea Company having this
day come to a Resolution for Suspending you from the service of the said day come to a Resolution for Suspending You from the service of the said
Company during then pleasure, By their Order I herewith send you a Copy Company during their pleasure; By their Order I herewith send you a Copy
of the said Resolution. I am of the said Resolution. I am
So. Sr.
Your Bumd Servt Your humb. Serv.^t
South Seastouse South Sea House
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb.
27 July 1727 27 July 1727
Alued Popplely. Alured Popple Esq.^r
Sir Sir
I wrote you the 30th May last in answer to your I wrote you the 30.^th May last in answer to your
letter of the 26th of that Month upon the subject matter of the letter of the 26.^th of that Month upon the subject matter of the
South Seax Companys Application against the duty laid in South Sea Companys Application against the dutys laid in
Jamaica on Negroes and Flower imported and exported there Jamaica on Negroes and Flower Imported and exported there
and acquainted ou That the Compl would be Obliged to you and acquainted You That the Comp.^a would be Obliged to you
of you could let them have the perugal of the Craft of their Lords if you could let them have the perusal of the Craft of their Lords
Report before it be made, that in case any thing were migunder Report before it be made, that in case any thing were misunder
stood it might be better explaind; But not having heard from =stood it might be better explaind; But not having heard from
you since, and being informd Brigad Hunter is about to pro you since, and being informd Brigad Hunter is about to pro=
ceed for his Governe. of Jamaria, I am directed to remind =ceed for his Govern^e. of Jamaica, I am directed to remind
you of what I before wrote you and to beine your Answer you of what I before wrote you and to desie your Answer
Sr Sir
Iam I am
Your most humble Ser Your most humble Ser.^t
South Sea House South Sea House
2 Augt. 1727 2 Augt. 1727
D Weecomb D Wescomb