Comps Intend to advertise this Matter in the Gazette offering a Reward Comps Intend to advertise this Matter in the Gazette offering a Reward
of £100 to any that shall secure him of £100 to any that shall secure him
He is a thin man of a Smooth face, pale Compleaion, dark lyebrows He is a thin man of a Smooth face, pale Compleaion, dark lyebrows
about 5 foot 8 Inches high & appears to be about 23 or 24 Years Old Speaks about 5 foot 8 Inches high & appears to be about 23 or 24 Years Old Speaks
French & generally wore a light Wig and light Colourd Cloaths, but of late has French & generally wore a light Wig and light Colourd Cloaths, but of late has
been seen in a black bob Heg. He formerly acted as a Broker in Exs Alley, but of been seen in a black bob Wig. He formerly acted as a Broker in Exa Alley, but of
late has frequented the Gaming Tables. I am late has frequented the Gaming Tables. I am
Sr. Sr.
Yor most humble Servant Yor most humble Servant
D. Wexomb D. Wexomb
A Lee of the same Fenor & Date was A Lee of the same Fenor & Date was
Directed to Cha Delasaye Esqr wth the Directed to Cha Delasaye Esqr wth the
Alteration of his Grace the Duke of Alteration of his Grace the Duke of
Newcastle from ye Ld W Townshend Newcastle from ye Ld W Townshend
South Sea House 10 march 1725 South Sea House 10 march 1725
f Sr
I am ordered by the Court of Directors of the saith Sea I am ordered by the Court of Directors of the saith Sea
Company to beg you will please to move the Rt Honle the Lords Comissrns Company to beg you will please to move the Rt Honle the Lords Comissrns
of the Admiralty to grant the Compt 100 PCrotections for men to be Employs of the Admiralty to grant the Compt 100 Protections for men to be Employs
in the service of the Company in carrying on the Greenland Trade without in the service of the Company in carrying on the Greenland Trade without
mentioning the names of the men in the Body of the Protections I am mentioning the names of the men in the Body of the Protections I am
Yourmost Obedt Hum Servt Sr Your most Obedt Hum Servt
W. Smith W. Smith
South Sea House 4s March 1725 South Sea House 4s March 1725
I am ordered to send you the Inclosed List of more Sr, I am ordered to send you the Inclosed List of more
Menhired for the service of the South Sea Company, and to pray you Menhired for the service of the South Sea Company, and to pray you
will be pleased to Move the Rt Honble the Lords Comissrs of the will be pleased to Move the Rt Honble the Lords Comissrs of the
Admiralty Admiralty