concoit pas quon lus doive oter citte concoit pas qu'on lui doive oter cette
conceive they are prohibited in this conceive they are prohibited in this
Liberte, n par la Letter, in par respet Liberte, mi par la Letter, in par l'esprit
particular, either by the Letter, or particular, either by the Letter, or
dece Traite Deplus S. M.C. dauyour de ce Traite De plus S.M.C. daujour
Meaning of that Article Moreover his Meaning of that Article Moreover his
Thuy a been vouln approwver atte dhuy a bien voulu approuver cette
present Cath Majy has been pleased present Cath^o. Maj^ty. has been pleased
Methode par une sed Speciale de Methode par une Ced^e. Speciale de
to approve this Mathod by a Special to approve this Method by a Special
Paunee 1723 in favourdes Supra L'Annee 1723 in favour des Supra
Ceos issued in the Year 1723 in favous Ce^da issued in the Year 1723 in favour
Cargoes du Vaissean Annuel appelle Cargoes du Vaisseau Annuel appelle
of the Supra Cargoes by the Annual of the Supra Cargoes by the Annual
be Royal Prince Mais pour oter be Royal Prince Mais pour oter
Ship called the Royal prince. But to Ship called the Royal prince. But to
bout prekeate dimbarras, & afir givon tout pretexte d'embarras, & afin qu'on
take off all pretences for an Embarassmn take off all pretences for an Embarassm^t
he cause aucun empechement aux ne cause aucun empechement aux
and that these Supra Cargoes may not and that these Supra Cargoes may not
Supra Cargoes dans les ventes, dans les Supra Cargoes dans les ventes, dans les
be obstructed in the sales, making be obstructed in the sales, making
Recouvrements, dans les Sollicitation Recouvrements, dans les Sollicitation
Recoverys, Solliciting Dispatches Recoverys, Solliciting Dispatches
De Depeches, & dans la Negociation De Depeches, & dans la Negociation
and Regociating other Matters and Regociating other Matters
Daukres Affaires concernant desigrands D'autres Affaires concernant desi grauds
deperding or relating to the Managem depending or relating to the Managem^t
Interests La Comp. prie quil Soit Interests La Comp^e. prie qu'il Soit
of So great a Concern. The Comps. pray of So great a Concern. The Comp^s. pray
pourven daus la Depeche qu on doct pourven daus la Depeche qu'on doct
Some provision may be made in the Some provision may be made in the
faire gie les Supra Carges des daiseaene faire que les Supra Carges des vaisseax
intended Dispatch, that the Supra intended Dispatch, that the Supra
Annuels Seront traiter commeles pro- Annuels Seront traitez comme les pro=
Cargoes by the Annual Ships shall Cargoes by the Annual Ships shall
pres Sugets de S. M. C comine it =pres Sujets de S. M. C comne il
be treated as his Cath Majy own be treated as his Cath^o Maj^ty own
est poursen a legard des Fackurs pour est pourven a l'egard des Facteurs pour
Subjects, as is provided in Behalf of the Subjects, as is provided in Behalf of the
le Comera des Negres par Eart 11h du Factors for the Negro Trady by the 11 Art le Comera des Negres par L'art 11^e du Factors for the Negro Trade by the 11 Art.
of the Assiento Contract. of the Assiento Contract.
Contractde VAssients Contract de L'Assiento
5o. Quoy que par le 42d Art de 5^o. Quoy que par le 42 Art de
5 Notwithstanding by the 42 Art 5 Notwithstanding by the 42 Art
Assiento il sort expressement pourse L'Assiento il soit expressement [pourveu]
of the Assients express Provision is of the Assients express Provision is
que les Marchandises des Vaisseaur que les Marchandises des Vaisseaux
made that the Goods by the Annual made that the Goods by the Annual
Annuels Servnt exempts de tous Droits Annuels Seront exempts de tous Droits
Ships shall be free from all Dutys Ships shall be free from all Dutys
dans les Iudes; eependant la Compt. ack dans les Indes; ecpendant la Comp^e. ete
in the Indies; yet the Company have in the Indies; yet the Company have
obligee depayer de grosse Somines dand been forced to psay considerable Sums obligee de payer de grosse Somines dans been forced to pay considerable Sums