a e eane his Maj^ys Attorney
e
Eed g and Sollict. Genera  and Sollict. General.
Douth Sea house 6th July 1721 South Sea House 6th July 1721
Jan Gent^n
Your Lever of the 23d June referring to a Petition of Your Letter of the 23^d June referring to a Petition of
the Company of the Royal Fishery of England, Alopy whereof you mention to the Company of the Royal Fishery of England, Acopy whereof you mention to
have Inclosed, and desiring to be Informed of the Tentiments of the Court of director have Inclosed, and desiring to be Informed of the Sentiments of the Court of directors
of the South sea Company thereupon was this day laid before them and read of the South Sea Company there upon was this day laid before them and read
But as in opening the Leter they found the petition referred to was mutted to But as on opening the Letter, they found the petition referred to was omitted to
be sent, they cannot Retun any answer till they have seen the Contents of it be sent, they cannot Return any answer till they have seen the Contents of it
This Iam ordered to Acquaint you with, and am This Iam ordered to Acquaint you with, and am
Genbr Gent^n
Yourmost humble servant Your most humble servant
& Wescomb D. Wescomb
Touth Seahouse 6th July 1721. South Seahouse 6th July 1721.
Far Sen^r
Your Lever of the 5th Instant desring a spedy Returne to Your Letter of the 5th Instant desiring a speedy Returne to
the Seheme you formerly sent belating to the procedings of the Lat Managen the Seheme you formerly sent relating to the proceedings of the Late Managers
of the Subscripsions, was this day read in a Court of directors, By whole Order of the Subscripsions, was this day read in a Court of directors, By whole Order
sam to requaint you, That they have again Repeated their former directions Iam to acquaint you, That they have again Repeated their former directions
that the said Return may be prepared & sent you with all possible Expedition that the said Return may be prepared & sent you with all possible Expedition
They being Equally desirous with your selve that the umost dispatct should They being Equally desirous with your selves that the umost dispatch should
be given Mhereto for the publick service and that of the Company. I am be given hereto for the publick service and that of the Company. I am
ll [   ]
Gent Gent^n
Managers of the Subscriptions. Manager of the subscriptions
Your most hunble Servant Your Most Humble Servant
DWescomb D. Wescomb