(28
To the Kings Most Excellent Majesty. To the King's Most Excellent Majesty.
Most Gracious Sovereign Most Gracious Sovereign 
The South Sea Company in a General Court afsente The South Sea Company in a General Court assembled
having a Most Dutifull and Gratefull sense of yor Majesty's great Goodney & Reeri having a Most Dutifull and Gratefull sense of yo.^r Majesty's great Goodness & Regard
to your whole People, humbly crave leave to Approach yor Sacreaerson, expressing their tea to your whole People, humbly crave leave to Approach yo.^r Sacred Person, expressing their [illegible]
and unfeigned thanks for the Eminent Instance of 40, Particular care of them in your s and unfeigned thanks for the Eminent Instance of yo.^r, Particular care of them in your Estate
Thanks for Care of ye Co Thanks for Care of y.^e Co:^p
in the lite Treaty withffom Treaty with the Catholick King, Whereby they are made acquainted That by Yourny in the late Treaty with ffom Treaty with the Catholick King, Whereby they are made acquainted That by Your most
Gracious Sipulations, They are not only restored in the most ample manner to a Trade who Gracious Stipulations, They are not only restored in the most ample manner to a Trade which
they now hope to see flourish under your Majestys Protection; But that a Just resptutie they now hope to see flourish under your Majesty's Protection; But that a Just restitution
is also to be made of their Great Effects Seized in the Spanish Dominions is also to be made of their Great Effects Seized in the Spanish Dominions
As yor Majety has thus Signalyzed yos Prevailing Influence in As yo.^r Majesty has thus Signalized yo.^r Prevailing Influence in
Procuring this Seasonable Justice to them, by the Treaty, We most humbly bexeed yor Procuring this Seasonable Justice to them, by the Treaty, We most humbly [beseech] yo.^r
Pray his Ma.^ts pleasure may
be Signifye to his Ministeral be Signify to his Minister at
Malrid to paint any Marbid to [present] any
Dificalty upon ye Cos ds Difficultys upon y.^e Co.^a Trade
no delays there may prevent the happy effects of it, Nor any New difficulties be putyon no delays there may prevent the happy effects of it, Nor any New difficulties be put upon
bay his met pleasure ney Majestys pleasure may be s0 Signified to Gos Ministers at the Court of Madnd, the Majesty's pleasure may be so Signified to yo.^r Ministers at the Court of Madrid, that
the Trade, which they are now carrying on, and by which they hope to give fresh the Trade, which they are now carrying on, and by which they hope to give fresh
encouragement to the Industry and Labour of the Woolen and other Manisacturers of his encouragement to the Industry and Labour of the Woollen and other Manufacturers of this
Kingdom Kingdom.
Yor Majery's great Clemency to yor People and uinweaved Yo.^r Majesty's great Clemency to yo.^r People and unwearied
endeavours for their Good, make it Our Duty, But more our Inclination to Profift endeavours for their Good, make it Our Duty; But more our Inclination, to Prosess
Steady Deal & Warm affection to Yor Royal Person & Governent, To set up ferwent Steady Zeal & Warm affection to Yo.^r Royal Person & Goverment, To set up fervent
prayers for Success in yor Negotiations, And that you may enjoy a Long Peaufpll prayers for Success in yo.^r Negotiations, And that you may enjoy a Long Peacefull
and happy Reion. and happy Reign.
London 1th Septen 1721 London 1.^st Septem.^r 1721.
Sy Ede of he Geoneral lont By Order of he General Court
of the South Sea Company. of the South Sea Company.
The above Addres was Presented to the Majesty The above Address was Presented to the Majesty.
John Cyles Sebbe John Eyles Sub Gov.^r
8th September 1721 8.^th September 1721.
John Rudge Ly John Rudge Dep. Gov.^r
His Majetys Answer to the above Aadiess is entred in the His Majesty's Answer to the above Address is entred in the
Special Letter Book page 177. Special Letter Book page 177.