238 238
Which several sums no ways depending on the setling the said Which several sums no ways depending on the setling the said
Account The Commts. harve by Order of the Court directed me to requaint you Account The Comm^ee. have by Order of the Court directed me to requaint you
That they Expect you will forthwith pay into M &e Gols the Comps Cashiez That they Expect you will forthwith pay into M & Gols the Comp^y Cashier
for the use of the Comp the said Sum of y 16561. 3/2 I am for the use of the Comp^y the said Sum of y 16561. 3 1/2 I am
Gent Gent
SouthdeasHouse South Seas House
Your most Rumnl Servt Your most humb Serv^t
27 Oct 1727 27 Oct 1727
D. Waomt D. Wescomb
Answerd 1 No0. Answerd 1 Nov.
X
Sir Sir
You are devired to attend the Committee for the Affairs of the You are devired to attend the Committee for the Affairs of the
Mr Bompated Mr Bumpsted
Royal George on Tunday Tuesday next the 14th Instant at 10 I in the Royal George on Tueday Tuesday next the 14^th Instant at 10 I in the
forenoon. I am forenoon. I am
Mr. Canhan Mr. Canham
Ir Sr
Nor 10 1727 Nov 10. 1727.
Your most Bun& Servt Your most Bun& Serv^t
W.S. W.S.
pr mpsed o tr Mr Bumpsted   Sir 
I am directed by a Committee appointed by the Court of Direct I am directed by a Committee appointed by the Court of Direct
of the South Sea Company to require you and they do hereby according of the South Sea Company to require you and they do hereby according
require you to attend the said Committee at this House on Wednesday the require you to attend the said Committee at this House on Wednesday the
15th Instt at 11 of the Clock in the forenoon precisely to setforth disclose 15^th Instt at 11 of the Clock in the forenoon precisely to setforth disclose
and make known upon your Oath all such unlicerad Goods & Merchandy and make known upon your Oath all such unlicensd Goods & Merchandise
as have been carried onboard the Royal George in her last Voyage by as have been carried onboard the Royal George in her last Voyage by
you or any other the Supra Cargoes of the said Ship Or by any other you or any other the Supra Cargoes of the said Ship Or by any other
Person or Persons with your knowledge Convent or Crivity pursuant to Person or Persons with your knowledge Consent or Privity pursuant to
the Clause containd in your Articles with the Company in that behalf the Clause containd in your articles with the Company in that behalf
By Order of the Committee By Order of the Committee
Lo. Sea Htouse S^o. Sea House
14 Nov. 1727 Aunud 15. 8o 14 Nov. 1727 Answ^d 15. D.
DWescomb Sec. D Wescomb Sec^ry.
The like sent to The like sent to
Mr Canham Mr Canham