The Court of Directors of the south sea Company esire a Comission The Court of Directors of the south sea Company desire a Comission
may be granted for their ship hereunder mentiond in their service at the Royal may be granted for their ship hereunder mentiond in their service at the Royal
Assiento Company of Great Britain Viz Assiento Company of Great Britain Viz
Tone. Men Gruins Tone. Men [ ]
The Royal George John Davison Comand 630 170: 40 The Royal George John Davison Comand 630 :170 : 40
Bound to Cartagena & Portobello in the Bound to Cartagena & Portobello in the
Spanish West Indies Spanish West Indies
South Seahonie 14 Jany 17234 South Sea house 14: Jany: 17234.
W.S. W.S.
Prevereau Esq^r.
The foregoing was sent to Mr Lrevereau, at the R. Honos the The foregoing was sent to Mr Prevereau, at the Rt. Hono^ble. the
Lord Carterets office in order to obtain ye said Comission Lord Carterets office in order to obtain ye said Comission
PWS PWS
Tr Sir
trean House African House
The South Sea Comps having in the Yer 172 sent by the King William The South Sea Comp^a having in the Year 1722 sent by the King William
Capt. Hamilton bound for Guiner and Bushos Ayres the Framne of a Sloop designed for Capt. Hamilton bound for Guinea and Buenos Ayres the Frame of a Sloop designed for
the U of their Factory at the latter Place, the said Capt. Endeavourd to set her up at the use of their Factory at the latter Place, the said Capt. Endeavourd to set her up at
Loangs and had almost finished her but losing many of his Men was forced to lene Loango and had almost finished her but losing many of his Men was forced to leave
het behind, which was a great Disappointment to the Tactory. It seems both she her behind, which was a great Disappointment to the factory. It seems both she
and her steres were left to the Care of Persons appointed by Governs Hereford viz and her stores were left to the Care of Persons appointed by Governs Hereford viz
Mr William Kuight one of Your Comp Factors, Mr Robert Berry & George Holford Mr William Knight one of Your Comp^r. Factors, Mr Robert Berry & George Holford
and that the Capt had built ashed over her to keep the Plank from the Tun and that the Capt had built a shed over her to keep the Plank from the sun
Our Court of Directors therefore desire Youl please to move your Court for Orders Our Court of Directors therefore desire You'l please to move your Court for Orders
to Mr Hereford for delivery of the said Sloop and Stores to such Master or Masters to Mr Hereford for delivery of the said Sloop and Stores to such Master or Masters
as shall produce this Courts Directions for receiving the same, And that Mr as shall produce this Courts Directions for receiving the same; And that Mr.
a. Lynn Esq. ereford may have also Orders to defay all Charges agreed on this Account which Fra. Lynn Esq^r. Hereford may have also Orders to defray all Charges agreed on this Account which
will be repaid the Royal African Company here I am will be repaid the Royal African Company here I am
Youth far tais South Sea House
21 Jan 7 1723 21 Jan .7. 1723
Sr.
Yor most hund Servt Yo^r most hund Servt
D. Wascomb D. Wascomb