35 (25
Touth Sea House South Sea House
Mr Lynn M.^r Lynn
Sevy to & Afrian Sec.^ry to & African
3 August 1726 3.^d August 1721
Ctpany Company
Sir, Sir,
Your Lever of he t. Intent Seguissing hat Your Letter of the 1.^st Instant Signifying that
the Regat Aprean Company are ready to suply he south sea Company the Royal African Company are ready to Supply the South Sea Company 
with Hegroes was this vay read in a Court of Directors, By whose Order with Negroes was this day read in a Court of Directors, By whose Order
brenely toreins are ready to receive 
proposals fromy proposals from y.^e
Afrrcan Company African Company
I am to acquaint you for the Information of your Court that a somirice I am to acquaint you for the Information of your Court that a Comittee
tor supplyingnagog will Sit at this House on Tuesday morning next 10 aflock to Receive for Supplying Negroes will Sit at this House on Tuesday morning next 10 AClock to Receive
any proposals the Royal african Company have to make for that purpose any proposals the Royal african Company have to make for that purpose
Ian I am,
o Sir,
our nost Hum be Sent. Your most Humble Serv.^t
To Francis Lynn Esqr. Secr to To Francis Lynn Esq.^r  Sec.^ry to
the Royal Afrean Comp. of England. the Royal African Comp.^a of England.
DWescomb D Wescomb.
To the Right Bonble the Lord To the Right Honble the Lord
Carteret his Majesty's Principal Carteret his Majesty's Principal
Carperet L.^d Carteret.
Secretary of State. Secretary of State.
C Po t place yor Lordip May it place your Lordship.
The Count of directors of he Larth he The Court of Directors of the South Sea
Company having axpeinted Mr Francis Sraford heir agent for managing Company having appointed M.^r Francis Sratford their agent for managing
their affair at Madr'd relating to the assents, and being appretensive that their affairs at Madrid relating to the assiento, and being apprehensive  that
&Stratford M.^r Stratford
ppointed Agent appointed Agent
madrid at Madrid.
by the Lawr of he Inquisition in Spain In case he hould die, he being a by the Laws of the Inquisition in Spain In case he should Die, he being a
protestant, will be liable to have all his Goods & paper seired and Conpisiate protestant, will be liable to have all his Goods & paper Seized and Confiscated,
as well those which belong to the Company, as what belong to his private as well those which belong to the Company, as what belong to his private
Affairs Affairs