Southi la house 2. Janin South Sea house 23^th. Janry 1723
Admiralty Admiralty
Losiah Burchett Esqr Josiah. Burchett Esqr.
Office Office
Sir Sir
The Sauth Sea Company being about to Dispateh th The South Sea Company being about to Dispatch the
Royal George John Davison Master for Casthagena and Portobets of the Royal George. John Davison Master for Carthagena and Portobelo as the
Annual Ship, pursuant to the Treaties between the Cowns of Great Britwit Annual Ship, pursuant to the Treaties between the Cowns of Great Britain &
Spain, I am by their order to desire you will Please to Procure a meditenon Spain, I am by their order to desire you will Please to Procure a [ ]
Pass for said ship, And as the Master is so ill that he cannot go abroad, thet Pass for said ship, And as the Master is so ill that he cannot go abroad, that
you will accept of Mr Henry Rushton, the Purter to take the unual Oath b you will accept of Mr. Henry Rushton, the Purter to take the anual Oath he
has with him the necessary bouchers relating hereto. I am has with him the necessary vouchers relating hereto. I am
Sir Yor Most humble serv Sir Yor Most humble servt
L Wescomb D Wescomb
Sr.
Assican Ho African Ho.
Your wo Letters of yesterday & This Day have been bad before Your two Letters of yesterday & This Day have been bad before
Court of Directors, & they have discoursed Mr Radburne one of the Owners Court of Directors, & they have discoursed Mr Radburne one of the Owners of
the Shis Russell Concerning the Subject Matter thereof as also our ouwn- the Shis Bussell Concerning the Subject Matter thereof as also our own-
Surveyor who has been on board & seen the Condition of the said Ship who- Surveyor who has been on board & seen the Condition of the said Ship who-
Acquaints the Court, That she is as Deep as tis fitt for her to be & Mr Nathen Acquaints the Court, That she is as Deep as tis fitt for her to be; & Mr [ ]
say he is willing to take in the Gods You Complain of and to start as m say he is willing to take in the Goods You Complain of and to start as [much]
Water as will make Room for them, in Case You will give the ship on the fat Water as will make Room for them, in Case You will give the ship on the [coast]
a like Quanthity but that Your Court have refured it This the Coust tinte a like Quantity but that Your Court have refured it. This the Court think
reasonable on your Parts. And We cannot oblige the ship to take in any reasonable on your Parts. And We cannot oblige the ship to take in any
Goods which may render not so sail worthy as she ought to be, speculy s Goods which may under ^ her not so sail worthy as she ought to be, especially as
in this Case it would be the more Damage to her these Goods being the pu in this Case it would be the more Damage to her these Goods being the [ ]
part very Weighty part very Weighty
The Court are Conscernd that any Affiont hes been of a e The Court are Concernd that any Affront hes been afford to you
Comps or You offers by the Mate of this Ship, & would not superd i Comps. or You officers by the Mate of this Ship, & would not suffered in