138 138
To the h. Honl. the Lords Comiss. Cor To the R.^t  (Right)Hon (Honorable) the Lords Comiss^rs (Comissioners). for --
Executing the Office of Lord High Admin Executing the Office of Lord High Admiral
of Great Britain of Great Britain.
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company
Humbly Represent Humbly Represent
That in the Month of Feby 1723 They dispatched ther shi That in the Month of Feb. 7. 1723 They dispatchd their ship
the Royal George with a Cargo amounting to about ₤300,000 for the portif the Royal George with a Cargo amounting to about ₤300,000 for the ports of 
Carthagena & Portobels in the Spanrish West Indies, pursuant to the Treatys Carthagena & Portobelo in the Spanish West Indies, pursuant to the Treatys __
between the Crowns of Great Britain & Spain, From whence they expect the between the Crowns of Great Britain & Spain; From whence they expect the =
Returns by the same Ship wc may sail homeward by the Months of Apre Returns by the same Ship w^ch (which)may sail homeward by the^ Months of March or April-
next But those parts being very much Infested with pyrates next But those parts being very much Infested with pyrates .
They humbly pray Yor Lord s will be pleased to Ovderto They humbly pray Yo^r (Your) Lord  will be p^s  (pleased) to Order one
of his Majestys Ships on the Jamaica Station in Car of his Majestys Ships on the Jamaica Station, in Case
the Suprabargoes of the said Ship shall desire it the Supra cargoes of the said Ship shall desire its -
protection, to take the said Ship under its Care & to beren protection, to take the said Ships under its Care, & to convey
her out of Danger of Cyrate in her homeward bound- her out of Danger of  Pyrates in her homeward bound-
p o Ex^o. (Executor) 98:
Voyare Voyage
South Leg House South Sea House
24 June 1725 24 June 1725
By Order of the Court By Order of the Court
of Directors of Directors.
D Mescombe Secry D. Wescombe Sec^ry. (Secretary)
Cayt. Cap^t. (Captain)