t the Bt Prince t the Bt Prince
24 Sir
South Sea house South Sea house
14th May 1722 4th May 1722
The Directors of the Royal Company of the Assente intending to The Directors of the Royal Company of the Assinto intending to
send this year their ship the Royal Prince to the Indies, have sent a Cectified & send this year their ship the Royal Prince to the Indies, have sent a Cectified &
Authenticl Copy of the Admeasurement of the said Ship to their Agent at Madnd, Authentick Copy of the Admeasurement of the said Ship to their Agent at Madrid,
And have given him Orders to Sollicit his CM. Cedula for her Admission in the And have given him Orders to Sollicit his CM. Cedula for her Admission in the
Indies, without any Remeasurement there. She is the same ship that made a Indies, without any Remeasurement there. She is the same ship that made a
Ooyage to Lavera Cruy in the year 1717. And her measurement amounts to voyage to Lavera Cruz in the year 1717. And her measurement amounts to
623 Juns & £00 I have it in Comand from the said Directors to desire you 623 tuns & 15/100. I have it in Comand from the said Directors to desire you
will be pleased to give them your Certificate, that the said ship the Royal Prince, will be pleased to give them your Certificate, that the said ship The Royal Prince,
is the same that made the said Doyage to LaDera Cruz, And that her is the same that made the said voyage to Lavera Cruz, And that her
Admeasurement is true, That they may Transmit it to the Court of Spain Admeasurement is true, That they may Transmit it to the Court of Spain
that thereupon His CM. Cedula may be obtained that thereupon His CM. Cedula may be obtained
Several of the Directors intend to go on board the said Thip on Several of the Directors intend to go on board the said ship on
Wednesday the 16th Instant, if you Please to see her, Or bring any Mathemat Wednesday the 16th Instant, if you Please to see her, Or bring any Mathemati:
:cian to examine the Admeasurement, They desire to meet you at the South Sea :cian to examine the Admeasurement, They desire to meet you at the South Sea
house at 9.10. on Wednesday Morning to Proceed. Iam house at 9.10. on Wednesday Morning to Proceed. Iam
Directed Tothe Ches. Conhiem Directed Tothe Chev. Eon hi Cm
Director for the afairs of the ussento in Director for the affairs of the assinto in
London London
Sir, Sir,
Yor Most humble Servt Yor Most humble Servt
D. Wasrcomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
1/2 June 1722 1/2 June 1722
The inclosed is Copy of a Resolution of the Court of Directors The inclosed is Copy of a Resolution of the Court of Directors
of the South Sea Company which I am ordered by the Genl of ye Committee of the South Sea Company which I am ordered by the Gen^t of ye Committee
to send you; At the same time I am to acquaint you that they are to send you; At the same time I am to acquaint you that they are
ready to meet the Gent of your Committee at such time and place as they ready to meet the Gen^t of your Committee at such time and place as they
please to appoint I am please to appoint I am
Your most humble Servt Your most humble Serv^t
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb