The Court of Directorsarefurther to inform your Grace that the Companys The Court of Directors are further to inform your Grace that the Companys
Annual Ship Royal Prince which went to Veralruz in the year 1723, left Annual Ship Royal Prince which went to Vera Cruz in the year 1723; left
behind her in Oebts to be gotin after she came away) to the Amount of 307871 p behind her in Debts to be got in after she came away, to the Amount of 307,871. P,
No part of which is yet brought away No part of which is yet brought away.
That 90000p of the Companys lash was by order of the Spanish Officers, That 90,000.P of the Companys Cash was by order of the Spanish Officers,
Vislently taken away on the Road coming from Mexico to beralruz to be shipt off Violently taken away on the Road coming from Mexico to Vera Cruz to be shipt off,
and that, under pretence of a Duty calld Alcavalas, the at that time an Appeal and that, under pretence of a Duty call'd alcavalas, tho at that time an appeal
was depending at Madred and security had been actually given by the Companys was depending at Madrid and Security had been actually given by the Companys
Factors to Abide His E. Mcs Oetermmation at Madrid, wherethey hop'd it woud Factors to abide His C. M.^s Determination at Madrid, where they hop'd it wou'd
meet with a favourable Issue, the Exemption from Duties being plainly stipula meet with a favourable Issue, the Exemption from Duties being plainly Stipula-
ted in the last Article of the Assiente -ted in the last article of the assiento.
They further acquaint your Graces that one of the Companys ships call'd the They further acquaint your Graces that one of the Companys ships call'd the
Elizabeth & Lavina, having on board 90 664 & belonging to the Company, and Elizabeth & Lavinia, having on board 90,664 & belonging to the Company, and
being ready to sail, was detain'd, and at last not Suffer'd to bring away any part being ready to sail, was detain'd, and at last not Suffer'd to bring away any part
of the said Money, but the whole was Taken out of the Vessel & deposited in the of the said Money, but the whole was Taken out of the Vessel & deposited in the
Royal Ooffers at Carthagena, where the same still continues. Royal Coffers at Carthagena, where the same still continues.
They further observe to your Grace that His C. M having upon the late Leace They further observe to your Grace that His C: M: having upon the late Peace
given to the Company his Assignment or Bill upon the Royal Chest of Mexico given to the Company his Assignment or Bill upon the Royal Chests ^at of Mexico
for upwards of 180,000p &6, being the Amount of some of the Companys Efects for upwards of 180,000p 8/8, being the amount of some of the Companys Effects,
which His CMs ships had brought from Verabruz at ladiz before ye last Rupture which His C.M.^s ships had brought from Vera Cruz ^to Cadiz before y.^e last Rupture,
and which His Cm had taken to his own Use; That this Bill was presented, but no and which His C.M. had taken to his own Use; That this Bill was presented, but no
part thereof has yet been paid, On pretence that those Royal Chest were greatly in debt part thereof has yet been paid, On pretence that those Royal Chests were greatly in debt
which must be paid off prior to the Companys. which must be paid off prior to the Companys.
That over and above what is before set forths there Remains Un restord of the That over and above what is before set forth there Remains Unrestor'd of the
Companys Effects which were seiz'd upon the Rupture in the year 1719, to a very great Companys Effects, which were seiz'd upon the Rupture in the year 1719, to a very great
Amount, And the many groundless Imbarrassments which have been put by ye Spaniard) Amount; And the many groundless Imbarrassments which have been put by y.^e Spaniards
on the Companys trade, if Moderately valued, will Eastly Inhance the Compt demandr on the Companys Trade, if Moderately valued, will Vastly In hance the Comp^y. demands
on his EM on his C.M.
There Remain besides in the several parts of the Spanich West Indies, very great fim There Remain besides in the several parts of the Spanish West Indies, very great Sums
in money & Effects, the produce of the Currt trade, the Amount of which cannot be now in money & Effects, the produce of the Cour.^t Trade, the Amount of which cannot be now
Ascertain'd, But the Comps humbly hope they shall have leave to exhibit their Ascertain'd; But the Comp.^a humbly hope they shall have leave to exhibit their
Demands at a proper sime Demands at a proper Time.
By order of the Courtof Directors By order of the Courtof Directors
D.W. D: W:
London London
20h July 1727 20. July 1727.