To the Rt. Honl. the Lords Com. To the Rt. Honl. the Lords Com.
for Executing the Office of Ld. High for Executing the Office of Ld. High
Admiral of Great Britain. Admiral of Great Britain.
The humble Representation of the sub Govd of the The humble Representation of the sub Govr of the
South Sea Company on behalf of the said Company South Sea Company on behalf of the said Company
Sheweth. Sheweth.
That they have lately dispatched their Annual That they have lately dispatched their Annual
Ship the Prince Frederick to the Port of Vera Cruz with a Cargo amount Ship the Prince Frederick to the Port of Vera Cruz with a Cargo amount
-ing to about £300,000 pursuant to the Treatys between the Crowns of -ing to about £300,000 pursuant to the Treatys between the Crowns of
Great Britain & Spain, and it is uncertain how soon the said Ship may be Great Britain & Spain, and it is uncertain how soon the said Ship may be
in a Condition to Return homeward, and inas much as those Seas are in a Condition to Return homeward, and inas much as those Seas are
Infested with Syrates, and which are in a manner equally dangerous, with Infested with Syrates, and which are in a manner equally dangerous, with
Ships, which under the pretence of being Guard de Costas, take & plunder Ships, which under the pretence of being Guard de Costas, take & plunder
almost any ships they meet with almost any ships they meet with
They therefore humbly pray your Ddships will be They therefore humbly pray your Ddships will be
pleased to Order one or more of his Majestys Ships in the pleased to Order one or more of his Majestys Ships in the
Jamaica Station, in Case the Supra Cargoes of the said Jamaica Station, in Case the Supra Cargoes of the said
Ship shall desire Protection, to give them such Assist Ship shall desire Protection, to give them such Assist
=ance as may be Necessary for the Security of the said =ance as may be Necessary for the Security of the said
Ship, & Cargoe, against any Enemy. Ship, & Cargoe, against any Enemy.
John Cyles Sai Gov. John Eyles Sub Gov.
South Sea House South Sea House
27 August 1725 27 August 1725