194 194
Francis Chamberlaine Owner of the said Ship, on the Subject, who it seems Francis Chamberlaine Owner of the said Ship, on the Subject, who it seems
has had not any advice of this Misfortune, lither from the Chief Mate, or an has had not any advice of this Misfortune, Either from the Chief Mate, or any 
Capt. Hillearys this Capt. Hillearys this
other officer on board, He has resolved to send Capt Thomas Hill (who will other officer on board, He has resolved to send Cap^t Thomas Hill (who will
he istobing sdhig he is to bring ship
fother astistens deliver this to you Express, to take possession of the said Ship, and a New further assist and deliver this to you Express, to take possession of the said Ship, and a New
dect dect
Male or two with him, & will desire Your Assistance to effect it, if any diffeculy Male or two with him, & will desire Your Assistance to effect it, if any difficulty
should arise, of wch you will have particular Advices from himself should arise, of w^ch you will have particular Advices from himself
As to the Concern of the South Sea Comp therein it consists as As to the Concern of the South Sea Comp^ny therein it consists as
You will see by the inclosed Copy of the Bill of Lading Sign'd by the late Cap You will see by the inclosed Copy of the Bill of Lading Sign'd by the late Cap^t
Wilson, in a Chest of Bar Gold Value Forty Nine Thousand Nine hundred & Wilson, in a Chest of Bar Gold Value Forty Nine Thousand Nine hundred &
970 f 65 B on 970 f 65 B on
I Hoard I Hoard
Seventy perces of Eight & Six & a half rials wth We have shewn to the sd Capt Seventy pieces of Eight & Six & a half rials w^ch We have shewn to the s^d Cap^t
Hill, & he has acknowledged the same to be a true Copy of the sd bill of Lading Hill, & he has acknowledged the same to be a true Copy of the s^d bill of Lading
What Wedesere of You rs, That You will require of Capt Hill that he acknowledg What We desire of You is, That You will require of Capt Hill that he acknowledged
East hill to givehirec East hill to givehirec
on the back of the said Copy, that the Chest therein mentiond, is on board the said on the back of the said Copy, that the Chest therein mention^d, is on board the said
on y Bill of Leding on y Bill of Leding
Ship, & that he will deliver the same pursuant to, and on the terms mentions Ship, & that he will deliver the same pursuant to, and on the terms mention^d
in the said bill of Lading. If he insist upon adding to the Treight as agreed in the said bill of Lading. If he insist upon adding to the Freight as agreed
thereby, Such Average as the Charge of the Express, & other Charges on this thereby, Such Average as the Charge of the Express, & other Charges on this
ab. Carges ab. Carges
Accident of the late Capt. Death may amount to upon the whole freight You Accident of the late Capt. Death may amount to upon the whole freight You
We remain We remain
may agree to it. may agree to it.
Yor affectionate Friends Yo^r affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors of The Court of Directors of
Meml The like tre with the foregoing was also sign'd by the Meml The like tre with the foregoing was also sign'd by the
the South Sea Company the South Sea Company
Court of Directors and sd to lap Hill the same day Court of Directors and s^d to lap Hill the same day
And he sign'd on the other (wch srent by ye post that day And he sign'd on the other (wch srent by ye post that day
Johntyles SebGov Johntyles SebGov
a Rect that he had such a Letter a Rect that he had such a Letter
Jno Brudge Do Gov Jno Brudge Do Gov
as also a Rect. for a lopy of the Bill of Lading and as also a Rect. for a lopy of the Bill of Lading and
R Wood R Wood
owning both that and tother copy sent my are to the post owning both that and tother copy sent my are to the post
P. Burrell P. Burrell
to be both trmue Copys. to be both true Copys.
N Michlethwaite N Michlethwaite
McRaper McRaper
T. Savill T. Savill
Mem Capt Hill yot to Bashimore & 20 Nor Mem Capt Hill yot to Bashimore & 20 Nor
J Raworth J Raworth
F. Shinner F. Shinner
wrote a tre hereabout $22 D wrote a tre hereabout $22 D
P.Ayles P.Ayles
W Heath W Heath
Mr Becher wrote a tre allo of ye same date Mr Becher wrote a  tre allow of ye same dates
B. Lettricullier B. Lettricullier
G. Roberts G. Roberts
Wm Bowles Wm Bowles
H. Ashton H. Ashton
J Gde Tillieun J Gde Tillieun
R. Michel R. Michel