fr Sr
The Incloed Memorial Isend you by order of the Count The Incloed Memorial Isend you by order of the Count
of Directors of the south Sea Company wth they desire you will pleay of Directors of the south Sea Company wth they desire you will please
to lay before the Rt. Honl the Lords Comrs. of the Admiralty for ther to lay before the Rt. Honl the Lords Comrs. of the Admiralty for ther
Lordships Determination Iam Lordships Determination Iam
Sr. Sr.
Your most humble Servant Your most humble Servant
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea House South Sea House
9 March 1726 9 March 1726
South Sea House 14 March 1726 South Sea House 14 March 1726
Sir Sir
On the 22d of Decr 1724 Isent You by Order of the On the 22d of Decr 1724 I sent You by Order of the
Court of Directors of the South Sea Company an Order of reference from Court of Directors of the South Sea Company an Order of reference from
his Majesty in Council to the Rt Honble board upon the Comps Pettion his Majesty in Council to the Rt Honble board upon the Comps Pettion
to his Maj & complaining of Dutys laid in Jamaica on Negroes & Fea to his Maj & complaining of Dutys laid in Jamaica on Negroes & Flower
Imported & Exported there wch greatly affected the Comps in Carrying on Imported & Exported there wch greatly affected the Compa in Carrying on
the Ass. Trade from that Ieland to the Spanish West Indies. the Asso. Trade from that Ieland to the Spanish West Indies.
And in March following I wrote You for their Lords And in March following I wrote You for their Lordps
further Information That the Assembly there had passed a Bill for the further Information That the Assembly there had passed a Bill for the
Year 1725 whereby not only the former Dutys of 10 P head on the Inpot Year 1725 whereby not only the former Dutys of 10S P head on the Import
and 20 P head on the Export of Negroes were Continued, but even ye Relief and 20S P head on the Export of Negroes were Continued, but even ye Relief
given to the South Sea Compt by the former Acts with Respect to Such Negrne given to the South Sea Compa by the former Acts with Respect to Such Negroes
as were imported by them for refreshment only, was entirely taken away as were imported by them for refreshment only, was entirely taken away
contrary to his Mayj r gracious Intention Signifyed in an Order of Councel contrary to his Maytys gracious Intention Signifyed in an Order of Councel
of the 9th Jany 1717 of the 9th Jany 1717
And in Octr last I transmitted You another memorial from the And in Octr last I transmitted You another memorial from the
Court Court