40 Sir
The Company Ship Royal Prince being on Weneday nert the 18 The Company Ship Royal Prince being on Weneday[Wednesday] next the [16]
to be Measured in presence of Chevalin Eon and a Comittee, they desire you wilh to be Measured in presence of Chevalin Eon and a Committee, they desire you will be
Mr. Donnly here at 9 to acocke thatmoning in order to go to the ship. Iam M.^r Donnelly here at 9 - 10 a clock that moning in order to go to the ship. Iam
11 May 1722 11 May 1722
Pr P Mathmbletor S.^r yo.^r most humble serv.^t
D. Wesome D. Wescomb
8. Die The like tre to Mr. Seatliff d.^o die The like Lre[Letter] to M.^r Seatliff
Mr Sealif M.^r Seatliff
Sir, Sir,
A Comittee will meet at the South Sea house next Wensday at A Comittee will meet at the South Sea house next Wednesday at 9
in the Corenson in Order to go with the Chesr Con to remeasure the Hoyal in the forenoon in Order to go with the Chev.^r Eon to remeasure the Royal Prince
You are therefore desired to procure proper Barge & lt the same You are therefore desired to procure proper Barge & lt the same
ready at the Tower by 9 Clock in the morning And if you think proper your ready at the Tower by 9 Clock in the morning And if you think proper your
mention it to the Genll. of the Committee of Shypring that you think may bedief mention it to the Gent^. of the Committee of Shiping that you think may be
to go We have already 4 o25 of the Court that have already appointed to the to go We have already 4 or 5 of the Court that have already appointed to that
it is not necessary that any more should go I am it is not necessary that any more should go I am
Capt. Batton Capt. Batton
4 May 1722 4 May 1722
Yor mosthumble bee Yor most humble
D Wescond D Wescomb
So Sir
South Seatr 12 May 1722 South Sea h^o 12 May 1722
In my Letter of Yesterday having made a Mistake by say In my Letter of Yesterday having made a Mistake by saying
Wensday rext the 17 Inst which shoul have been the 16 I thought Wensday next the 17 Inst which should have been the 16 I thought
proper to acquaint you thereof to obviate any Doubt that might and proper to acquaint you thereof to obviate any Doubt that might and
I am I am
Sir, Sir,
The same was sent to Capt. Cleland The same was sent to Capt. Cleland
Yor most humble Sev Yo^r most humble Serv^t
Mr Seatliff Mr Seatliff
D Wescond D Wescomb
and Notice was given to Mr Donelly and Notice was given to Mr Donnelly