218 218
South Sea Horuse 2d April 1727 South Sea Horuse 22.^d April 1727
Sapt. Pennet Cap^t. Bennet
The Court of Directors being informed of ye Bellamonts The Court of Directors being informed of ye Bellamont's
arrival in the Htope they have orderd vessels to be forthwith Sent thither arrival in the Hope, they have order'd vessels to be forthwith Sent thither
for taking out the Company's Snuff & Hydes, which when done, it is the for taking out the Company's Snuff & Hydes, which when done, it is their
Direction that without Loss of Time You proceed for Hambro; and upon Direction that without Loss of Time You proceed for Hambro; and upon
Your Arrival there give Notice to Messrs Halsey & Cressener, delivering Your Arrival there give Notice to Mess^rs Halsey & Cressener, delivering
them the Company's packet, wch you have herewith containing the them the Company's packet, w^ch you have herewith containing their
Orders for taking the Sugars ashore, & Disposal thereof You are Orders for taking the Sugars ashore, & Disposal thereof You are
therefore to deliver the Snuff accordingly, & to take their Receipt for the therefore to deliver the Snuff accordingly, & to take their Receipt for the
same, wc You are to bring back wth you same, w^ch You are to bring back w^th you.
You are to take Notice, that when You come to Stoad in You are to take Notice, that when You come to Stoad in
the River Elbe (in your Way to Hambro) You are to enter Your Ship as the River Elbe (in your Way to Hambro) You are to enter Your Ship as
from London by doing of wh you will save some Dutys on Ship and from London, by doing of wh you will save some Dutys on Ship and
ford. I am goods. I am
Sir, Sir,
Yor very humble Servt Yo^r very humble Serv^t
DWescomb DWescomb
Sorad Sa Hoare 1 Mary 7 Sorad Sa House 11 Mary 1727
ir YourLlete f he 9t. Instert was hi agredin a Coust of un Sir Your Letter of the 9^th. Instert was this day read in  a Court of Direct.
and the matter thereof refend to the Examination of a Comittee; I have no direction and the matter thereof refend to the Examination of a Comittee; I have no direction
Fran Lymney Fran Lynn Esq^r 
at present in Order to a meeting, but presume it will not be long first, when I shall at present in Order to a meeting, but presume it will not be long first, when I shall
pvise you. Iam advise you. Iam
Dr Sr
your most humble Servt your most humble Serv^t
D Wascomb D Wescomb