She is the Companys Annual ship, and the ship and large amounted to about She is the Companys annual ship, and the ship and cargo amounted to about
225 226
£400,000 She saild from the Downes the 24 July 1725 and alrived at Crafun £400,000: She saild from the Downes the 24 July 1725 and arriv'd at Cruz
the 14. Oct following. She was sent out in vertue of the Assients Treaty and the 14. Oct following. She was sent out in vertue of the Assiento Treaty and
Subsequent Convention aty of the year 1716, and carried with her a ledula Subsequent Convention of the year 1716, and carried with her a Cedula
sign'd by the King of Spain to Oberate any difficultys in her Admission, and sign'd by the King of Spain to Obviate any difficultys in her Admission, and
also Another Cedula in favour of the Companys supra largoes who went on also Another Cedula in favour of the Companys supra Cargoes who went on
board her (of both which Cedulas annex'd are translations) board her (of both which Cedulas annex'd are translations)
That besides the said Annual ship, the following Vesels belonging to the That besides the said annual ship, the following Vessels belonging to the
Company are detaind, if not Seizd viz Company are detain'd, if not Seiz'd __ viz^ts
At Vera Cruz At Vera Cruz
The Prince of Asturias Capt John Reland The Prince of Asturias Cap^t John Cleland
The St. George Capt. Rogers The St. George Cap^t.      Rogers
The DonCarlos Capt. The Don Carlos Cap^t.
Tenwick Fenwick
At Carthagena at Carthagena
The Quen of Spain Capt James Dufay The Quen of Spain Cap^t James Dufay
At Havana at Havana
The Don Lewis Capt. The Don Lewis  ___ Cap^t.
Gitson Gibson
all which vessels carred Regroes psuant to the Assient Treaty and these Vessels all which vessels carred negroes psuant to the Assiento Treaty and those Vessels
have been, a Considerable time after they were ready to come away, Oetain'd upon have been, a Considerable time after they were ready to come away, Detain'd upon
Privolons pretences, and perticularly the Prince of Ashirias at Verabruz) which Frivolous pretences, and perticularly the Prince of Asturias at Vera cruz, which
has been stopt above a year, Owing to nothing else at first as the Company are has been stopt above a year, Owing to nothing else at first as the Company are
assur'd, than to a Notion the Spamards had Conceivd, that she would have bro assur'd, than to a Notion the Spaniards had Conceiv'd, that she would have bro.^t
away a Considerable Treasure, which detention was directly contrary to the 14h away a Considerable Treasure, which detention was directly contrary to the 14:
Article of the Assiento Article of the Assiento
At Buenos Ayres at Buenos Ayres
are the following ships- vizt) are the following ships- viz.^t)
The Bonita The Bonita
Capt. Samuel Roberts Cap^t. Samuel Roberts
The Bootle The Bootle
Capt. Nicholas Webb Cap.^t. Nicholas Webb
The Ouke of Ambridge Capt. Thomas King The Duke of Cambridge Cap.^t. Thomas King
King William King William
Capt Netremiah Winter Cap.^t Nehemiah Winter
Capt. Nathanl Smith Cap^t. Nathan.^l Smith
The Essex The Essex
Capt Moor White Cap^t Moor White
The Seahorie The Sea horse
Capt Charles Burnham Cap^t Charles Burnham
The St Michael The St Michaels
Capt Matthew Kent Cap^t Matthew Kent
The Bristol The Bristol
who carried 520 Negroes who carried 520 Negroes
434 d 434 d
480.d 480.d
500 do 500 do
350:d 350:d
400 do 400 do
600. d. 600. d.
a Store ship. a Store ship.
the