the Court of Directors to Act on behalf of the Company in Carrying on the Court of Directors to Act on behalf of the Company in Carrying on
the Affair of Circulating Exchequer Bills there was a Mistake wch the Affair of Circulating Exchequer Bills there was a Mistake wch
was found but just now, which I beg may be amonded. Instead of was found but just now, which I beg may be amonded. Instead of
Matthow Raper Esqr it should be Thomas Fredorick Esqr You will Matthow Raper Esqr it should be Thomas Fredorick Esqr You will
please to excuse this Matter to their Lordships, And the Trouble please to excuse this Matter to their Lordships, And the Trouble
given your selfe I am given your selfe I am
Sr Sr
Your most Obedt Servant Your most Obedt Servant
D. Wescomb Secr. D. Wescomb Secr.
May it Please yor Lord May it Please yor Lord
Your Lordships Warrant dated the 20th Just Your Lordships Warrant dated the 20th Just
has been undred to Us Directing Us to Pormit Mr Francis Flawes has been undred to Us Directing Us to Pormit Mr Francis Flawes
to Transfor to Mr John Selwyn £26,686:13.4 South Sea Stock to Transfor to Mr John Selwyn £26,686:13.4 South Sea Stock
that the same may be Sold for the Publick Service. We have that the same may be Sold for the Publick Service. We have
Considered of this your Lordships Command, and we find that by Considered of this your Lordships Command, and we find that by
the Books of the Company he has no more than £11983:6 the Books of the Company he has no more than £11983:6
Stock in his name, and we beg leave further to Ropressent to Stock in his name, and we beg leave further to Ropressent to
Your Lordships, That as the Case of the late Directors in now under Your Lordships, That as the Case of the late Directors in now under
the Consideration of Parliament, We are in Doubt whether We can the Consideration of Parliament, We are in Doubt whether We can
Justifie the pormitting any Transfors to be made till it shall be
determined. determined.
By Order of the Court of Directors of the South Sea By Order of the Court of Directors of the South Sea
Company Company
D. Wescomb Secry D. Wescomb Secry
South Sea House
25th May 1721
The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company Sr: The Court of Directors of the South Sea Company
have Reconsidered the Comands of the Rt Honl the Lords Commiss have Reconsidered the Comands of the Rt Honl the Lords Commiss
of His Majesty's Treasury in Relation to Mr Francis Harvers of His Majesty's Treasury in Relation to Mr Francis Harvers
being being