Allowances of any Articles therein Containd You shall be acquainted Allowances of any Articles therein Containd You shall be acquainted
therewith. The Court have heard of no Excesses comitted by them, other therewith. The Court have heard of no Excesses comitted by them, other
than what you Signified formerly you was advisd had been done at Jamarce, than what you Signified formerly you was advisd had been done at Jamaica,
about wth the Court long Since causd Enquiry to be made & they can find no about w^ch the Court long Since caus'd Enquiry to be made & they can find no
sufficient foundation for Such Clarge. If you have any other Objections sufficient foundation for Such Charge. If you have any other Objections
to their Conduct, the Court are not yet informed of them, when they are, they shall to their Conduct, the Court are not yet informed of them, when they are, they shall
be Exatund. be Examined.
As to the Demand of an Accot. of the P. Fredericks Cargo, the Court As to the Demand of an Acco^t. of the ship  C. Fredericks Cargo, the Court
hopes You have no Reason to doubt their doing his Cath Majf Justice in every hopes You have no Reason to doubt their doing his Cath Maj^ty Justice in every
Branch wherein his Interest is concernd jointly with the South sea Comp or Branch wherein his Interest is concernd jointly with the South sea Comp^a or
that they will Countenance any thing w the Priviledges they enjoy by the that they will Countenance any thing w^ch the Priviledges they enjoy by the
Treaty of the Assients &c will not support. And they cannot conceive for- Treaty of the Assiento & will not support. And they cannot conceive for-
what uise or purpose, Such accot is demanded, fontrary to what has been hereto fore what use or purpose, Such acco^t is demanded, contrary to what has been hereto fore
Usual, & is required by the Assicnts Treaty and Subsequent Convention Usual, & is required by the Assiento Treaty and Subsequent Convention
The Honour of the Court is Concerned in this Matter & they cannot The Honour of the Court is Concerned in this Matter & they cannot
comply with yor Demand, unless more Sufficient Cause be given In as much comply with yo^r Demand, unless more Sufficient Cause be given In as much
as if the particulars of the Cargo should be known before the Arrival of the as if the particulars of the Cargo should be known before the Arrival of the
Ship at Vera fur, it may be very prejudicial to the Comps & the sending th Ship at Vera Cruz, it may be very prejudicial to the Comps & the sending 
such Accot to the Royal Officers abroad, may be the foundation of New such Acco^t to the Royal Officers abroad, may be the foundation of New
Embarassments wch they are very carefull to avord & Cannot as they Embarassments w^ch they are very carefull to avoid & Cannot as they
apprehend be of any real service to his Cath Majesty apprehend be of any real service to his Cath^o Majesty
This I have in Comand from the Court of Directors to return This I have in Comand from the Court of Directors to return
in Answer to Yor. Mamorial I am in Answer to Yor. Memorial I am
Sauthlea House South Sea House
Je Sr.
London 27 May 1725 London 27 May 1725
Yor most humble Serv Yo^r most humble Serv^t
D. Aenent D. Wescomb