108 108
Southy Liaat Couy 2 ly 1714 South Sea House  3 Sept.^er 1724
Dnadl Lynn Esqr Fra. Lynn Esq.^r
Afr House Afr.^ House
The Eoganal made by your Cmitty last Arday for Frniching he The Proposal made by your Comittee last Tuesday for Furnishing the
Conguny anth Negre having this day ben Ryorted to a Couot of Dritony o Company with Negroes having this day ben theported to a Court of Directors I am
Oderd to acquaint yon for the Information of Your Comittee, That the Committee Oderd to acquaint you for the Information of Your Comittee, That the Committee
of this Company are Impowerd to Traent and &tgre with your Committeeprelen of this Company are Impowerd to Traent and agree with your Committee for ordering
to this Company a certain Number of Negrors on the past of Africa or at Samen to this Company a certain Number of Negroes  on the coast of Africa or at Jamaica
in givring Security to the Satisfaction of this Court for Ferformancy thereof fon in giving Security to the Satisfaction of this Court for Performance thereof fI am
Yournat Hentleatn Your most Humble Servant
D. Wesomb D. Wesomb
Sath Sea Htoure 27 Aagt 174 South Sea House  27 Aug.^t 1724
M. Lynn M^r. Lynn
eps loaed Afr ^ca  House
Your sint Letter not comning to Hand till after our Canst insug and Your First Letter not coming to Hand till after our Court was up and
there having since been a keep from Business is the Occasion of Gounnt hamng there having since been a Recep from Business is the Occasion of Your Not leaving 
lad an Answr, Butas the Committees met again the beginning of reat Wit, lad an Answer, Butas the Committees meet again the beginning of next Week, til__
Inform the Chouirman of thes Particular Committee that a Time may be appoitd o Inform the Chairman of this Particular Committee that a Time may be appointed  for
meting yours which when the shall Adriy You. I ame meeting yours which when the shall Advice You. I am
S. S.ir
Yr most Benle on Y^r most Humble Serv^t
D Weseam D Wescomb
M. Lynny Mr. Lynn
Mr. House Mr. House
In Arsen to your Litter of the day Iam tr aguent you te the In Answer  to your Letter of the day I am to acquaint you that the
Comitte of Our Court have appointed to meet a Committee of yours next Tunday at ofe Comittee of Our Court have appointed to meet a Committee of yours next Thursday at 10 precisely
at the atowse I am at this house  I am
Yourne enle ot Your most Humble Serv.^t
S. S.ir
South Sea House South Sea House
Wesae D Wescomb
3 Aet 1724 3 Sep,tm 1724