M. WH Mr. W. M.
Yow letter of the 3r. July & 4th Intent have ben aid Your letter of the 31: July & 4.^th Instant, have been laid
before the Gentlemen of the Direction of the south fea Company, who before the Gentlemen of the Direction of the South Sea Company; who
Comand me to acquaint you that if you will apply to me their secretary, Comand me to acquaint you That if you will apply to me their secretary,
and make out whatyou write concerning a ffraud comitted on the Coast and make out what you write concerning affraud comitted on the Coast
of Affica in prejudice to the said Company, You will meet with One of Africa in prejudice to the said Company, You will meet with Due
Encouragement As to what you desire of my Letting you know what Encouragement; As to what you desire of my Letting you know what
That shall be, It is impossible, till the Gentlemen are Apprid of the That shall be, It is impossible, till the Gentlemen are Appriz'd of the
Nature of the Fraudy and therefore hope you will not expect it Nature of the Fraud, and therefore hope you will not expect it.
h lefa mrtetan to be left at Mr Weston,
Paster in the a Paster in the
9 August 1727. 9 August 1727.
Som I am
t Wee New Way in 
J Humble servant6 Yo.^r Humble Servant
St. Thomass S.^t Thomas's
DM D.W.
Sorthwark Sorthwark
Mr Rigly Mr Rigby
Per Sir
The Comittee for Regulating the Companys Factorye being to sittagain The Comittee for Regulating the Companys Factorys being to Sitt again
on Wensday next, You are desird to Attend if your health will permit As shope it on Wensday next, You are desir'd to Attend if your health will permit, As  I hope it
will being will being
Jors Most humble Servt Yo.^r most humble Serv.^t
1 Aug 1727 11 aug 1727
W.S. W: S.
Mr Bompetal Mr Bumpsted
for The Comitteefor Regitating the Factorys being to fitt again on next Sir  The Comittee for Regulating the Factorys being to Sitt again on next
Wenday, You are desired then to attend Wensday, You are desired then to attend.
am I am
1 northmb Sen Yo.^r most humble Serv.^t
N.S. W .S.
1 Aug 1727. 11 Aug 1727.
Mr Swartz Mr Swartz
or The Comittefor the Factorys bing o tt again Onnext winday Sr The Comitte for the Factorys being to Sitt again On next wensday
You are desird then to Attend them with your Answers to the several Queriy You are desir'd then to Attend them with your Answers to the Several Queries
I am I am
contain'd in the Enclosd contain'd in the Enclos'd
Jos most humble Sevt Yo.^r most humble Serv.^t
11 August 1727 11 August 1727
A W: S. 
The like tre to Mr Denniss The like Lre to Mr Denniss
and each the like Quaruy and each the like Queries
& to Mr Johnson & to Mr Johnson