What they will Do with these & the rost Time must tell The Affa What they will Do with these & the rost Time must tell The Affa
is in Madred & as the Engagement will bear a good Bribe & is in Madred & as the Engagement will bear a good Bribe &
its the Concernedsts interest to give it to obtain these Ends. The its the Concernedsts interest to give it to obtain these Ends. The
Court of Madrid must have a grater Principle then they ard to Court of Madrid must have a grater Principle then they ard to
have of nonvristance then to withstand such a Temptation have of nonvristance then to withstand such a Temptation
& the Coming of these two Sast ships from France after they & the Coming of these two Sast ships from France after they
had notice of what passed with the first 3 seems to me as if thes had notice of what passed with the first 3 seems to me as if thes
had yet Some hopes of Succeeding In their First Design. had yet Some hopes of Succeeding In their First Design.
read in Court read in Court
29 March 1714 29 March 1714
Extract of Mr Methuen's Letter to Mr Secretary Extract of Mr Methuen's Letter to Mr Secretary
Hanhone. Madrid 13 May 1718 N. J. Hanhone. Madrid 13 May 1718 N. J.
The 6th. Ianst Pound Mr. Cringle to acquaint you that Srad mand The 6th. Ianst Pound Mr. Cringle to acquaint you that Srad mand
Your Letters by the messenger & had written a Long letter to the Your Letters by the messenger & had written a Long letter to the
Cardinal in obedience to his Majr Commands about the Tro Cardinal in obedience to his Majr Commands about the Tro
lians'd Ships of the South sea Company lians'd Ships of the South sea Company
Yesterday I rceiv'd an answer from the Cardinal declaring Yesterday I rceiv'd an answer from the Cardinal declaring
to me that the King of Spain woud Let the Elizabeth & Brford to me that the King of Spain woud Let the Elizabeth & Brford
go to the Wost Indiw not withstanding the bigness of the Sip go to the Wost Indiw not withstanding the bigness of the Sip
which he did not because the Pretension was Justi wass which he did not because the Pretension was Justi wass
-nable but to shew his wogard to His Majs &c that this should -nable but to shew his wogard to His Majs &c that this should
be no Example for the Annual Ship and that he Expocted the be no Example for the Annual Ship and that he Expocted the
Company shoud give the Marquiss de Montelcon a Paper Company shoud give the Marquiss de Montelcon a Paper
in Writing declaring that the annual ship they make un in Writing declaring that the annual ship they make un
of shall not Exceed 500 Tims in bigness of shall not Exceed 500 Tims in bigness
The Cardinal also told me the King had given Orders to the The Cardinal also told me the King had given Orders to the
Council of the Indies that the Nocessary passports for their two Council of the Indies that the Nocessary passports for their two
ships from them shoud be Sign'd & deliver'd to me but hovineg ships from them shoud be Sign'd & deliver'd to me but hovineg
sent this day to that Council to sollicit for them I find they sent this day to that Council to sollicit for them I find they
have not ext heard of any Such Orders So I have now writer have not ext heard of any Such Orders So I have now writer
to the Cardinal Again to procur them that they may Go m to the Cardinal Again to procur them that they may Go m
The Morsenger whom I shall Dispatch as Soon as I can get The Morsenger whom I shall Dispatch as Soon as I can get