whatever has been Seiz'd Anno 1727. So the Company whatever has been Seiz'd Anno 1727. So the Company
rely that his C.M will be pleased not only to comply rely that his C.M will be pleased not only to comply
therewith and to cause such Reparation and Satisfaction therewith and to cause such Reparation and Satisfaction
to be made as aforesaid, but likewise to enforce this Article to be made as aforesaid, but likewise to enforce this Article
in such manner as may remove all dread of the like in such manner as may remove all dread of the like
Usage over happening hereafter, whereby the Company Usage over happening hereafter, whereby the Company
and all future assintists may be Encouraged to Trust and all future assintists may be Encouraged to Trust
their Cstates, and the Lives and diberys of their Servanc their Cstates, and the Lives and diberys of their Servanc
within the Dominions and under the Protection of within the Dominions and under the Protection of
His Catholick Majesty His Catholick Majesty
To the Internation of thei God by the Arnual ships agreable to 5. To the Internation of thei God by the Arnual ships agreable to
the Explanation of the addition article by His CMc Cerula of the the Explanation of the addition article by His CMc Cerula of the
27 September 1721 and Consequently to the Revocation of the 11t March 27 September 1721 and Consequently to the Revocation of the 11t March
1724. 3. December following, and 3. December 1726. aforemantioned, which 1724. 3. December following, and 3. December 1726. aforemantioned, which
utterly deprives the Company of all prospect of Benefit by the said utterly deprives the Company of all prospect of Benefit by the said
Annual Ships
The Annual Sips (which by the Aditional Artile The Annual Ships (which by the Additional Article
were to be of 500 Tons, and by the Convention were were to be of 500 Tons, and by the Convention were
encreasd to 650 for to Years, in Consideration of 3 encreasd to 650 for 10 Years, in Consideration of 3
Annual Ships which had not beensent were Annual Ships which had not been sent) were
expressly given in reparation of the Losses which expressly given in reparation of the Losses which
former Assientists having Sustaind by the Negro Trade former Assientists having Sustaind by the Negro Trade
were were