Extract of a Letter from Mr. Starhope to the Duke of Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stanhope to the Duke of
Neweastle Dated 22 June 1725 N.S. Neweastle Dated 22 June 1725 N.S.
Ishall conclude by sending Your Grace the inclosed Letter which Ishall conclude by sending Your Grace the inclosed Letter which
I have just recived from the Marg de Grimnaldo Signifying to meshis Cath I have just recived from the Marg de Grimnaldo Signifying to meshis Cath
Majesty's Determination upon the whole of the Pretensions of the Southseafs Majesty's Determination upon the whole of the Pretensions of the Southseafs
But being very desirous that this Messenger should reach Your Grav as Lond But being very desirous that this Messenger should reach Your Grav as Lond
as possible I would not detain him by making my Remarks upon the as possible I would not detain him by making my Remarks upon the
Several Matters contained in it; I shall therefore only observe upon the Several Matters contained in it; I shall therefore only observe upon the
whole that all the Loints except the last relating to the Cidula of the 11 Mar whole that all the Loints except the last relating to the Cidula of the 11 Mar
1724 which indeed is a material one seem to have been not ill determines 1724 which indeed is a material one seem to have been not ill determines
Claremont July 24. 1725 Claremont July 24. 1725
Sir Sir
Having received a Leter from Mr. Stanhope, wheren hehar Having received a Leter from Mr. Stanhope, wheren hehar
transmitted one from the Marg de Grinaldo to him, containing the King of transmitted one from the Marg de Grinaldo to him, containing the King of
Spains Answers to the late Demands of the South Sea Comp. I would not Spains Answers to the late Demands of the South Sea Comp. I would not
defer sending You the inclosed Copy thereof for their Information, togother defer sending You the inclosed Copy thereof for their Information, togother
with an Extract of Mr Hanhopes to me, by which you will perceve- with an Extract of Mr Stanhopes to me, by which you will perceve-
that he had not time to make any particular Remarks upon the several that he had not time to make any particular Remarks upon the several
points, tho in the main he seems well enough Satisfied with the Debermnintern points, tho in the main he seems well enough Satisfied with the Debermnintern
that has been made upon all of them except the last I am that has been made upon all of them except the last I am
To Sr
Yor most humble Sord. Yor most humble Sord.
Holles Neweashy Holles Neweashy