Negroes may be bought away promicuously
by Annual Ships as well as Nagres Skips, this by Annual Ships as well as Negro Ships, this
heaving been opposed. having been opposed.
the product of the Country, as was
Settled in the 25t. Art of the Assient
This has not hitherto been complied with This has not hitherto been complied with
the a Cedula was issued for this purpose Anno
1716 the Auswer being that his C.M had uo 1716 the Answer being that his C.M had no
Lands near Buenos Ayres, as by an Authentick
Testimony Lent long Since to Madrid And as
the want of such Lands has put the Comp the want of such Lands has put the Compa
to great Charges & Inconseniencys, they ought to great Charges & Inconseniencys, they ought
to have some Excivalent to have some Equivalent
That also according to what That also according to what
was Stipulated in the Preliminarys
the Leace, Orders shall be given to of the Peace, Orders shall be given to
Lands near Buenos Ayres, as by an Authentick
mark or appoint places whereto plan
cultivate, & to feed Cattle for the support cultivate, & to feed Cattle for the support
of the Dependents on the Assients & o of the Dependents on the Assiento & of
the Negroes, and to build houses of
Timber, and not of any other Material
as is granted in the 9th. Article of the
Assiento.
The Conp. acknowledge his C. Mr. Justice The Comp. acknowledge his CMs. Justice
in this provision in this provision
That a Coula shall be given, That a Cedula shall be given,
ordering that whenever any Dispute
shall arise, the Company shall not be shall arise, the Company shall not be
obstructed from making Use of all the
Means of Justice, and their own Right
and that no Minister be suffered to
refuse them Such Testimonials as they
shall ask in Order to make Use of the
Same where, and as it shall be
convenient for them.
As it is impossible to comply with the letter As it is impossible to comply with the letter
of the 9. Article of the Assiento in selling the
whole 800 Negroes Picces &e India at Buncs whole 800 Negroes (Pieces de India) at Buenos
Ayres, the Compa. are Sensible any Exlanacion
That Orders shall be given That Orders shall be given
that Such of the 800 Negroes designed
for Buenos Ayres, as shall remain
unsold unsold