Translacion of an Extract of an Art in a lett. Dat. 13. Apr. Translacion of an Extract of an Art in a lett. Dat. 13. Apr.
1716. Ns writ by Card Alberoni to the M of Monteleor & by 1716. Ns writ by Card Alberoni to the M of Monteleor & by
him transmitted to the Company him transmitted to the Company
As Iam in hopes to make an end very soon of the Assients business. I will As I am in hopes to make an end very soon of the Assients business. I will
use my best endeavours, that you extraordinary expences may be paid out of it, at least you use my best endeavours, that you extraordinary expences may be paid out of it, at least you
may depend I shall use all endervours for it may depend I shall use all endervours for it
You know that after the Agreement made with the English that they might sensere You know that after the Agreement made with the English that they might sensere
ship every year: there is a londition that they cannot sell their Goods except in the Time of the ship every year: there is a londition that they cannot sell their Goods except in the Time of the
Tair they Pretend now by the said Article to which they have agreed that in Case there was no Tair they Pretend now by the said Article to which they have agreed that in Case there was no
Fair, they would not be so much as gainers; but to the Contrary they should be ruines by it, tho Fair, they would not be so much as gainers; but to the Contrary they should be ruines by it, tho
the lat: King might say Sie Convenisti mecum, Nevertheless the King having a mind to the lat: King might say Sie Convenisti mecum, Nevertheless the King having a mind to
Shew the best marks of his good Intentions to the Company of the assiento is willing to Provide Shew the best marks of his good Intentions to the Company of the assiento is willing to Provide
for their Indemmty. His Majesty therefore is of opinion that to send a Ship every year would for their Indemmty. His Majesty therefore is of opinion that to send a Ship every year would
greatly Damage the Indies, and would prove of little advuntage to the English themselves, greatly Damage the Indies, and would prove of little advuntage to the English themselves,
Therefore His Majesty's Intention is to grant that no Tair shall be held, but a every 2years Therefore His Majesty's Intention is to grant that no Tair shall be held, but a every 2years
and so instead of sending one ship there may be I sent together with the Fleet from Spain, which and so instead of sending one ship there may be I sent together with the Fleet from Spain, which
notice shall be given in a Certain determines time. and a Term of time shall be Prescribed. in which notice shall be given in a Certain determines time. and a Term of time shall be Prescribed. in which
it shall be Permitted to the English Ships (after their arrival at the Ports where the Tair is to be it shall be Permitted to the English Ships (after their arrival at the Ports where the Tair is to be
kept) to sell their Goods altho the Fleet from Spain should not be arrived kept) to sell their Goods altho the Fleet from Spain should not be arrived
The King therefore orders me to bell you, that you should comunicate his Intentions The King therefore orders me to bell you, that you should comunicate his Intentions
to the Parties concerned and to write to me only what you have Transacted in this affir. It is to the Parties concerned and to write to me only what you have Transacted in this affir. It is
certain the King of Spain cannot send every year Goods to the Indies, it was never Practiced certain the King of Spain cannot send every year Goods to the Indies, it was never Practiced
but there ought to be a Distinction made, that is to say. One year they will send to new Spain but there ought to be a Distinction made, that is to say. One year they will send to new Spain
and the other year to Peru, by which means it can't but be said That the English will send and the other year to Peru, by which means it can't but be said That the English will send
every year their ship. for its Impracticable to send every yeer to the same Place, and so every year their ship. for its Impracticable to send every yeer to the same Place, and so
you may assure them they may begin, that the next year a Ship may besent to new you may assure them they may begin, that the next year a Ship may besent to new
Spain, and the next following One to Peru. Spain, and the next following One to Peru.