OWhitehall May 20 1714 OWhitehall May 20 1714
Hher Majesty having commanded the Lords Comrs. for Trade Sr Her Majesty having commanded the Lords Comrs. for Trade
and Plantations to prepare Freoper Instructions to be given to the and Plantations to prepare Freoper Instructions to be given to the
Lord Bingley relating to the Commerce between the Kingdoms of Lord Bingley relating to the Commerce between the Kingdoms of
Great Brittain and Srain, I am directed to acquaint you therewith Great Brittain and Srain, I am directed to acquaint you therewith
That you may lay the same before the Court of Directors of the That you may lay the same before the Court of Directors of the
South Sea Company That inlase they have any thing to Offer South Sea Company That inlase they have any thing to Offer
Whereupon Instructions may be given to his Lordt they would Whereupon Instructions may be given to his Lordt they would
for that purpose transmitt the same hither in writing for that purpose transmitt the same hither in writing
Sr Your very Humble Sert Sr Your very Humble Sert
Wm Sopple Wm Sopple
Mr James Dym Mr James Dym
Admiraly Office 8 June 1704 Admiralty Office 8 June 1704
Sor Sr
I send this to acquaint you, by Order of the Lords Comrs. of I send this to acquaint you, by Order of the Lords Comrs. of
the Admiralty That in Pursuance of the Qucens Commands their the Admiralty That in Pursuance of the Qucens Commands their
Lord have given Orders to the Navy Board to Cause the Warwick Lord have given Orders to the Navy Board to Cause the Warwick
instead of the Anglesea, to be fitted for the Reception at Cadiz instead of the Anglesea, to be fitted for the Reception at Cadiz
of the Prince of Santo Bucoro & the Marquiss de Villa Rocha of the Prince of Santo Bucoro & the Marquiss de Villa Rocha
which I am to desire you will communicate to the Court of Direct which I am to desire you will communicate to the Court of Direct
of the South Sea Company I am of the South Sea Company I am
Your very Humll Serv Your very Humll Serv
I Burchet J Burchet
To Mr James Dyin To Mr James Dyin
Warwick at Long Reach Warwick at Long Reach
11 June 1714 11 June 1714
Bonl. Gent. honble. Gent.
This waits to acquaint that this morning Carpenters This waits to acquaint that this morning Carpenters
came onboard her Maj. Ship Warwick under my Comkmand to enlaige came onboard her Maj. Ship Warwick under my Comkmand to enlaige
and build Cabbins as I am acquainted for the reception of the Prince and build Cabbins as I am acquainted for the reception of the Prince
of Santo Bueno and the Marquis &c Villa Rocha which when of Santo Bueno and the Marquis &c Villa Rocha which when
Compleated Shall acquaint you with I am Compleated Shall acquaint you with I am
Honl. Gent. Honl. Gent.
Your very much obliged the sew Your very much obliged the sew
H Partington H Partington
To the Directrs of the To the Directrs of the
Sr. Seal- Sr. Seal-