124 124
Copy of a Letter writt by his Exy. the Marq of Moneelcon Copy of a Letter writt by his Exy. the Marq of Moneelcon
to the Govr of Carthagena against the Teiring & detaining to the Govr of Carthagena against the Teiring & detaining
the Bedfords Cargo the Bedfords Cargo
Ex. I Ex. I
S. Mo. Lor Directors de Ma S. Mo. Lor Directors de Ma
Compania del assiento hauquedado Compania del assiento hauquedado
breu surprehendidos cou la noticiaque breu surprehendidos cou la noticiaque
sele haya ahy eubargado una prite de sele haya ahy eubargado una prite de
la Carga de las Mercadurias que Nevo
Havio de Guerraconpermisso y ficencia
del Bey Nro Sm cula Suposiz gue del Bey Nro Sm cula Suposiz gue
peayen excedids la Caussdad &e Sas peayen excedids la Caussdad &e Sas
Cieutas Toneladas que les estava conce
dida, yue han representado gue esto
soto puede haver procededo de no havesd
dade any la wedida yel peso que cone
poude a las Toueladas pue conefec
parece impossible que pueda hever Navio
tangraude que Searcapar de Nevar dos tangraude que Searcapar de Nevar dos
Will Toueladas a gue we diren Selia Will Toueladas a gue we diren Selia
hecls Subi aby la medida de dichas hecls Subi aby la medida de dichas
meecadurias yeu Justificacion &e Su
procider, yde wo haver excededo encl
periisso yorden de Se Mag. me hav
pedido remuta a R losadjuntor pedido remuta a R losadjuntor
Capeles que consisten eu una Certifica
cion deeste Almirautargo por ha cion deeste Almirautargo por ha
qual cousta queel Navio Bedfort qual cousta queel Navio Bedfort
que levo ahy dhas mercadurias no
passa de Mill y cieu toneladas, euotra
Certificacion Surada porhos que mudi
eron
Morlexcelt Sir Morlexcelt Sir
Sr. The directors of the assicute Company a Sr. The directors of the assicute Company a
very much Surprised with the notice thar ther very much Surprised with the notice thar ther
have at your place put a Seop to pare of the Cary. have at your place put a Seop to pare of the Cary.
of the merchandire which was loaden on board the of the merchandire which was loaden on board the
Man of war by permission & Liceuse of the King
our Master under a supposition that they did
exceed the quantity of 600 Tins which was exceed the quantity of 600 Tins which was
allowed them And they have repraruved to me allowed them And they have repraruved to me
that this only can proceed from your not hear
allowd them the measure & weight which is
answerable to the Tuns And in Effect it sems
impossible that there should be so great a
as is capable of to carry 2000 Tuue of ta
chandize whereupon they have told me bat
you have far exceeded the measure of the afrid you have far exceeded the measure of the afrid
Merchandire and in Justification of thei Merchandire and in Justification of thei
proceedings and in their not having excasd proceedings and in their not having excasd
the periission and Order of his Majr th the periission and Order of his Majr th
meecadurias yeu Justificacion &e Su
have desired me to trausmitt to yo Ch have desired me to trausmitt to yo Ch
procider, yde wo haver excededo encl
Enclosed papers which consist in a Casifiedts Enclosed papers which consist in a Casifiedts
periisso yorden de Se Mag. me hav
from this Navy Board by which it affears from this Navy Board by which it affears
that the Shi Pesford who caried the sad
Good the herdoth not exced oe laaed Good the herdoth not exced oe laaed
hundred Tuns and in Another Casfiae hundred Tuns and in Another Casfiae
Sevornte by thos perss who meauved th Sevornte by thos perss who meauved th
que levo ahy dhas mercadurias no
Mercha Pake by Pale & Carly las & a Mercha Pake by Pale & Carly las & a
passa de Mill y cieu toneladas, euotra
which is indeded the shl Case which is indeded the shl Case
Certificacion Surada porhos que mudi
eron