the Portiguere to the River de la Hlata the Portiguere to the River de la Plata
the Comps. must make proof of the Daman the Comps. must make proof of the Damanges
they Set forth, and value them jundicall they Set forth, and value them jundicall
This cannot be decid a New Concession, This cannot be decid a New Concession,
the Company to be heard at Law in
& Spain having amply provided for it However
of this Cedula will facilitate the Restitution of this Cedula will facilitate the Restitution
the Comp will gladly receive it, But it is the Comp will gladly receive it, But it is
be observd that the Restitution not being be observd that the Restitution not being
Prize Goods, Sums, and Shiyps, which
the Want of Orders, but to the want of Money the Want of Orders, but to the want of Money
in the Royal Coffers; Of which Authontick in the Royal Coffers; Of which Authontick
to Law, and to what is provided in
So that it will be of little o us use to send So that it will be of little o us use to send
fresh Orders to the Indies, & the Comp hope fresh Orders to the Indies, & the Comp hope
to have it made good in Europe to have it made good in Europe
That a Cioula be repeated for That a Cedula be repeated for
the Company to be heard at Law in
& Spain having amply provided for it However
all the Suits commenced in their all the Suits commenced in their
Name as to the restoring to them all Name as to the restoring to them all
Prize Goods, Sums, and Shiyps, which
Suits shall be proced upon according Suits shall be proced upon according
to Law, and to what is provided in
the Articles of the Assients in that the Articles of the Assients in that
behalf. behalf.
Tis Cedula it is presuned has no retroyued Tis Cedula it is presuned has no retroyued
to the last Rupture, at wd tume the 40th Art to the last Rupture, at wd tume the 40th Art
of the Treaty of Asst. was brotke & Retreat
allowd as Stipulated, And in Case of another
Rupture, it is probable no regard will be had Rupture, it is probable no regard will be had
to the Cedula now resolvd on; However it to the Cedula now resolvd on; However it
may be well to have it. may be well to have it.
produce, they may be heard at Law
& Orders be given to fulfill what is
That as to what is provided in That as to what is provided in
the 40th Art of the Assients, in the Case the 40th Art of the Assients, in the Case
of a Declaration of War between the
two Crowns, a Cedula be dispatched,
which as soon as the Comp shall
produce, they may be heard at Law
& Orders be given to fulfill what is
Sett forth in the said Article.
It seems to us, that this may be understood It seems to us, that this may be understood
as a Revocation of the 34. Art by wc. the Comp. as a Revocation of the 34. Art by wch. the Compa.
may import provisions & Naval Stores in Ships
of 130 sons for the Use of their factors, Regraes & of 130 Tons for the Use of their factors, Negroes &
Shyrs Whereas this makes another provision Ships Whereas this makes another provision
vizt that We shall be at Liberty to purchase vizt that We shall be at Liberty to purchase
Wood Iron &c there, at the Current prices And Wood Iron &c there, at the Current prices And
That Orders be also given That Orders be also given
to the Vice Roys, Governours, and
other Ministers, that the Assiento
Ships may be allowed to purchase