As to the 200, 000 p off (lsendor do plate payable by the As to the 200,000 ps 8/8 (Escudos do plata) payable by the
Asst. as is Supulated by the 3rd & 4 Art of the d. Contract Asst. as is Supulated by the 3rd & 4 Art of the sd. Contract
and demanded by your Esr The Asst do say and demanded by your Esr The Asst do say
That his CM being by the 20t Art Intersted That his CM being by the 20t Art Intersted
part in the said Contract And it being therin weitd part in the said Contract And it being therin weitd
that it is wossary that his CM (in order to have that it is wossary that his CM (in order to have
& Enjoy the Benefit & Gain that may be obtaind by this & Enjoy the Benefit & Gain that may be obtaind by this
Trade) shoud advance to the sd. Asst. Milc of ps of Cone Trade) shoud advance to the sd. Asst.  Milc of ps of Cone
or one quarter of the Sum which they shoud judge or one quarter of the Sum which they shoud judge
necessary for putting of that commerce in good order & necessary for putting of that commerce in good order &
method Or make good the Int out of what the Apst method Or make good the Int out of what the Apst
shall be accountable for to him after the rate of ot Cent shall be accountable for to him after the rate of ot Cent
yearly for what the Asst. showd advance for his Maj yearly for what the Asst. showd advance for his Maj
And it having been urg'd by the Asst. that the most Effend And it having been urg'd by the Asst. that the most Effend
way to carry on that commerc to mutual advantage way to carry on that commerc to mutual advantage
And to proserve a perpotual good understanding between And to proserve a perpotual good understanding between
his CM & the Asst ts That his C M will be pleased his CM & the Asst ts That his C M will be pleased
to advance the sd 1 Mill P Clendor or his / part of to advance the sd 1 Mill P Clendor or his / part of
the money which shall be found nassary for carrying the money which shall be found nassary for carrying
on that Commerce The Apt over arsured by the monite on that Commerce The Apt over arsured by the monite
of Ber Late Maj now in Glory That his CM was of Ber Late Maj now in Glory That his CM was
far of that Sentiment as to be willing to have in their far of that Sentiment as to be willing to have in their
hands the sd 200,000 p y towards his / part of the money hands the sd 200,000 p y towards his / part of the money
necessary to be employ'd in that Commerce and they necessary to be employ'd in that Commerce and they
well hope his CM will continue of the same mind: well hope his CM will continue of the same mind:
upon which as well as the other heads hereinafter upon which as well as the other heads hereinafter
mention mention