Representations made by the Court of Directors Representations made by the Court of Directors
of the South Sea Company to the Marquiss of Monkleon of the South Sea Company to the Marquiss of Monkleon
with Answers to them & to the pretensions of the with Answers to them & to the pretensions of the
Company concerning the Arswnto granted & adjusted Company concerning the Arswnto granted & adjusted
with this Court in manner following. with this Court in manner following.
The Marquiss of Monteleon Embassador Extraordinary The Marquiss of Monteleon Embassador Extraordinary
of his Catholick Maj at the Congress of peace rpresents of his Catholick Maj at the Congress of peace rpresents
to the Court of Directors for the Assnts of Negroes to the Court of Directors for the Assnts of Negroes
That in Complyana with the 284 & 5 Article of the said That in Complyana with the 2 3 4 & 5 Article of the said
Contract they would be plased to order the Payment Contract they would be plased to order the Payment
of the 200000f of in Madrid which they are obligd to of the 200000 Ps of 8/8 in Madrid which they are obligd to
anticipate & ought to have been paid in 4 Months anticipate & ought to have been paid in 4 Months
after the Signing of the Contract ar appears by the after the Signing of the Contract ar appears by the
3. Article 3rd. Article
Answer of the Company Answer of the Company
The Court of Directors of the sd. Sea C and Asst for Negr The Court of Directors of the sd. Sea C and Asst for Negs
having perused & taken into Consideration The Memorial having perused & taken into Consideration The Memorial
wch your Ex hath been pleased to transmitt to them wch your Ex hath been pleased to transmitt to them
relating to Several heads of the Ass. Contract & the Two relating to Several heads of the Ass. Contract & the Two
Lianse ships therein mencond Do hope the following Lianse ships therein mencond Do hope the following
answer will be deemed Tust and reasonable and answer will be deemed Tust and reasonable and
satisfactory and Conformable to the Tru intent and satisfactory and Conformable to the Tru intent and
meaning hereof. meaning hereof.