to the Treatys between his Majy. and the Crown of Spaid from whene to the Treatys between his Majy. and the Crown of Spaid from whene
they expect the Returns by the same Ship, wch may Sail homewards by they expect the Returns by the same Ship, wch may Sail homewards by
the Months of March or April next, but that fince those Parts are very the Months of March or April next, but that fince those Parts are very
much infested with Pyrates, they humbly desire if the Supra Cangees much infested with Pyrates, they humbly desire if the Supra Cangees
of the said Ship shall desire it, One of his Majrs Ships Stations at of the said Ship shall desire it, One of his Majrs Ships Stations at
Jamaica may take her under her Care, & convoy her out of Danger of Jamaica may take her under her Care, & convoy her out of Danger of
Pyrates in her homeward bound Voyage He do therefore hereby Direct and Pyrates in her homeward bound Voyage He do therefore hereby Direct and
Require that if the Supra Cargoes of the aforesaid Skip Royal George Require that if the Supra Cargoes of the aforesaid Skip Royal George
shall apply to Your & desire Protection for her as aforesaid You ds appoint shall apply to Your & desire Protection for her as aforesaid You ds appoint
Such one of his Majy Ships under Your Comand as You shall judge Such one of his Majy Ships under Your Comand as You shall judge
most proper to do the same directing her Comander to take particular most proper to do the same directing her Comander to take particular
Care to Convoy her so far in her Voyage home as You shall Judge may Care to Convoy her so far in her Voyage home as You shall Judge may
be necessary to Secure her from any attempts of the Lyrates, and that having be necessary to Secure her from any attempts of the Lyrates, and that having
Sodone he makes the best of his Way back to Jamaica Given under our Sodone he makes the best of his Way back to Jamaica Given under our
Hands this 29 June 1725 Hands this 29 June 1725
S. Semings J. Jennings
Wr. Phetoynd W. Chetoynd
Geo: Oxerden Geo: Oxenden
To the Comr. in Cricf of his Maji. To the Comr. in Cricf of his Maji.
Ships Hations at Jamaica for the Ships Hations at Jamaica for the
Time being Time being
By Comand of their Lords By Comand of their Lords
B Burchett B Burchett