Whitehall 2th December 172 Whitehall 2th December 172
Dent Gent
I have laid before the King yor Memorial of the 24t. Intant I have laid before the King yor Memorial of the 24t. Intant
wherein you represent that the South Sealompany hath a Right by the 40th. Article of wherein you represent that the South Sealompany hath a Right by the 40th. Article of
the assients Treaty to remove their effects from the Spanish Dominions inease of Rughe the assients Treaty to remove their effects from the Spanish Dominions in case of Rupture
between Great Britain and that Crown, and that the King of Spain Rath notwith the between Great Britain and that Crown, and that the King of Spain Rath notwith the
ing this Right given orders to Seize or Embargue their effects now in the Spanish the ing this Right given orders to Seize or Embargue their effects now in the Spanish the
Indies, whereupon you apply to His Majesty for His Majesty's Directions and deae Indies, whereupon you apply to His Majesty for His Majesty's Directions and deae
to know His Majesty's Pleasure. what may be Proper for the Company to do in order to know His Majesty's Pleasure. what may be Proper for the Company to do in order
to obtain the benefit of the Article above mentioned. to obtain the benefit of the Article above mentioned.
His Majesty having taken memorial into consideration, has cnu His Majesty having taken  memorial into consideration, has cnu
Me to acquaint you, that he is sensible the allegations are true and is very much comans Me to acquaint you, that he is sensible the allegations are true and is very much comans
that in the present Situation of his affairs with the King of Spain, againstaton that in the present Situation of his affairs with the King of Spain, againstaton
he has been forced to declare War, it is Impracticable for him to Procure a Redres ofhe he has been forced to declare War, it is Impracticable for him to Procure a Redres ofhe
Grievances of which the South Sea Company so justly complain. That it is equally provl Grievances of which the South Sea Company so justly complain. That it is equally provl
by the Treaties made betwixt Great Britain and Spain that in case of a Rupture all ti te by the Treaties made betwixt Great Britain and Spain that in case of a Rupture all ti te
Prading Subjects be allowed 6 mo. time to remove with their effects. which nevertheles he Prading Subjects be allowed 6 mo. time to remove with their effects. which nevertheles he
been disregarded by that Court, not withstanding all the Representations made theug been disregarded by that Court, not withstanding all the Representations made theug
by His Majesty. And that the South Sealompany suffer only a like Treatment with he by His Majesty. And that the South Sealompany suffer only a like Treatment with he
rest of the British Merchants contrary to the Faith and engagements of Treaties made rest of the British Merchants contrary to the Faith and engagements of Treaties made
between the 2 Crowns. For it is certain that the Present Rupture is such a one as is dured between the 2 Crowns. For it is certain that the Present Rupture is such a one as is dured
in those Treaties. And the Spaniards can make no more of it. in those Treaties. And the Spaniards can make no more of it.
But if the Southsea lompany shall think fit to make any Protet in the a But if the South sea Company shall think fit to make any Protet in the a
they shall judge Proper, against this unjuit Preceeding of the King of Spain. His Me o they shall judge Proper, against this unjuit Preceeding of the King of Spain. His Me o
has ordered me to acquaint you, that he will make the most effectual use of it, when has ordered me to acquaint you, that he will make the most effectual use of it, when
a Treaty shall be set on foot for accomodating the Present diferences to procure sut a Treaty shall be set on foot for accomodating the Present diferences to procure sut
Satisfaction to the Company for the Damage they may in this occasion sntain. Satisfaction to the Company for the Damage they may in this occasion sntain.
I am &c I am &c
Krages J Craggs
To he Sibgor & directors of he tel To he Sibgor & directors of he tel
Read in Court 6 Aaunry 1718 Read in Court 6 Aaunry 1718