The Kings Answor to the Gonl Courts Address of The Kings Answer to the Genl Courts Address of
the 5 December 1729 the 5 December 1729
Irchamngarrny thanks for thisvry dutiful and Loyal Irchamngarrny thanks for thisvry dutiful and Loyal
Adress. Adress.
Samsonygled that my Endereaners for bestoing lease have Samsonygled that my Endereaners for bestoing lease have
proved to the Satisfaction of sor considerable a Body of my Subjects, and proved to the Satisfaction of sor considerable a Body of my Subjects, and
ampersuaded, when the Terms of the Peace now concluded by me and my ampersuaded, when the Terms of the Peace now concluded by me and my
Allies, with Spain, shall be made publick the World will be convinced Allies, with Spain, shall be made publick the World will be convinced
that the securing the general Interests, and in particular the Trade that the securing the general Interests, and in particular the Trade
and Comerce of these my Kingdoms has been my principal Care, and Comerce of these my Kingdoms has been my principal Care,
preferable to all other Considerations preferable to all other Considerations
Senves &e Core de Drctores dela d& Comp. Senves &e Core de Dirctores de la Rl Compa.
Concl Arrivo del Navis la Sirena a cste puerto he reivide la carta Con el Arrivo del Navio la Sirena a cste puerto he reivide la carta
de 3 de Abril deel ano proximo pasado conque & D S S. Se Serven de 3 de Abril deel ano proximo pasado conque & D S S. Se Serven
favorererine expresands en ella esperaban laquenta que yo devra favorererine expresands en ella esperaban laquenta que yo devra
remitir ab.D. S.S. delaprovidencia de los Negros que condugary remitir ab.D. S.S. delaprovidencia de los Negros que condugary
entrego el Capitan Carlos Burhan, y siends esta Comision, ye la entrego el Capitan Carlos Burhan, y siends esta Comision, ye la
Secesuvre deel fapitan Mose Blance de la incumvencea delor Officers Secesuvre deel fapitan Moor Blance de la incumvencea delor Officers
deagui les compete acstos Ministros eldar lavazon delo que deagui les compete acstos Ministros eldar lavazon delo que
P.U.S.S. pretenden, ye a lor factores decste Avients al Solicitar por P.U.S.S. pretenden, ye a lor factores decste Avients al Solicitar por
Ser Negocio de Su inspeccion para cumple con le obligacion de Su Ser Negocio de Su inspeccion para cumple con le obligacion de Su
cargo que en quants demi dependiere contribuore aclgusto, y cargo que en quants demi dependiere contribuore aclgusto, y