To the Marquiss the writing or Obligation of the Company To the Marquiss the writing or Obligation of the Company
relating to the said Assients in the Terms or to the Essect relating to the said Assients in the Terms or to the Essect
of that agreed by my Lord Lexington. In Madrid of that agreed by my Lord Lexington. In Madrid
The Answer of the Company The Answer of the Company
As to your Exrs Instancr That the Asst would remit to 3 As to your Exrs Instancr That the Asst would remit to
the Court of Madred or deliver into Your Esrs hands a the Court of Madrid or deliver into Your Esrs hands a
Bond or Obligation from the Company upon the matter Bond or Obligation from the Company upon the matter
of the Ass. in the Terms or to the Esject of that said to of the Ass. in the Terms or to the Esject of that said to
be done by the Ld Lexington at Madred. The said Asst be done by the Ld Lexington at Madred. The said Asst
make answer make answer
That they never had any notice thereof Either from the That they never had any notice thereof Either from the
Ld. Lexington or the late Queen's Ministers. But about Ld. Lexington or the late Queen's Ministers. But about
July last Mr Gilligan deliverd to some Gentlemen of the July last Mr Gilligan deliverd to some Gentlemen of the
Court of Dirctors A paper said to be a Translation of Court of Dirctors A paper said to be a Translation of
the Lord Lexington's said Bond or Obligation part wherof the Lord Lexington's said Bond or Obligation part wherof
particularly that which obliges the Directors in their particularly that which obliges the Directors in their
private Capacitys they take to be uttorly Impracticable private Capacitys they take to be uttorly Impracticable
by rason The Company cannot oblige themselves in by rason The Company cannot oblige themselves in
their private Capacity they being always at Liberty to their private Capacity they being always at Liberty to
Dispose of their Interest in the Company at their pleasurer Dispose of their Interest in the Company at their pleasurer
which when Done they Cease to be Members & their Estates which when Done they Cease to be Members & their Estates
liable and it would be very Unwasonable that any Such liable and it would be very Unwasonable that any Such
member should so become bound or Obliged. And they well member should so become bound or Obliged. And they well
hope this demand will not be Insisted upon For that hope this demand will not be Insisted upon For that
They They