Contract & Addr Article may take Esfct from the 1t day Contract & Addl Article may take Esfct from the 1t day
of May 1713 for Introducing Ngroes into the Spanish of May 1713 for Introducing Negroes into the Spanish
West Indies And for the other purposes in the said West Indies And for the other purposes in the said
Contract mentiond shall Commena continue & be Contract mentiond shall Commence continue & be
reckoned from the 3d May 1714 N.S. On the same reckoned from the 3d May 1714 N.S. On the same
conditions & with the like priviledges as in the said conditions & with the like priviledges as in the said
Contract & Add Article were exprossed in relation to Contract & Addle Article were expressed in relation to
the sd term wch was to Commoner on the sd 1 May 1713 the sd term wch was to Commence on the sd 1 May 1713
whereby & by means of the peace not being sooner whereby & by means of the peace not being sooner
proclaim'd the Asst over depriv'd for the year 1713 of proclaim'd the Asst over depriv'd for the year 1713 of
sending the ship of 500 Tuns granted by his C. M. sending the ship of 500 Tuns granted by his C. M.
by the Add Article In Consideration of the gival Cosss by the Add Article In Consideration of the gival losses
former Asst sustaind former Assts sustaind
And Forasmuch as the sd. Contract was not assigned And Forasmuch as the sd. Contract was not assigned
to this Company till the 7 Sepr last Wherby it will to this Company till the 7 Sepr last Wherby it will
be Jonpossible for these Asst. to introduce into the be Impossible for these Asst. to introduce into the
Spanish West Indies the full number of 4800 Negrocs Spanish West Indies the full number of 4800 Negroes
before the 1 may owxt N. S. Altho they have used & before the 1 may next N. S. Altho they have used &
aw using their utmost endeavours for doing therof are using their utmost endeavours for doing therof
The Asst. do hope That the dutys of the present year The Assts. do hope That the dutys of the present year
will not be Exacted with rigour but rather his CM will not be Exacted with rigour but rather his CM
will be Conbnt with the Dutys for this year for Such will be Content with the Dutys for this year for Such
a number of Negroes as they shall have Introduad a number of Negroes as they shall have Introduad
before the May next. And the rather for that it will before the May next. And the rather for that it will
be impossible for them for this present year 1714 to be impossible for them for this present year 1714 to
reap reap