in the art of the assents Yet not being contrary to what is gravted His MM in the art of the assiento Yet not being contrary to what is gravted His CM
doth hereby Declare and Epress that the Dispatches & Cedulas shall be given doth hereby Declare and Epress that the Dispatches & Cedulas shall be given
according to the companys desere according to the companys desere
Pxetension Pretension
That having lberty by the 25. Art to canry Regires pou one port to another 10. That having liberty by the 25th. Art to carry Negroes from one port to another
for the supply of the Countrys that may waie them most. there ought to be an for the supply of the Countrys that may want them most. there ought to be an
Abatement of the Dutyor meach Pont for such hegroes as shall be there shipt Abatement of the Duty or in each Port for such Negroes as shall be there shipt
So that the Comp. shall not pay donble dityes, Only in thor ports where they are Pold So that the Compa. shall not pay double dutys, Only in those ports where they are Sold
they be oldiged to pay under the regulation of the 15t days granded in the 25 Art And they be oldiged to pay under the regulation of the 15 days granted in the 25th Art And
this as ofien as it shall happen to beat the Comps may wt be pejudiced by thore Reg this as often as it shall happen do that the Compa may not be pejudiced by thore Negs
which may happen to dye in their passage which may happen to dye in their passage
Answer Answer
that in the 25t art of the afiente is expressly provided bhe form of debiting & paying 10. That in the 25th art of the assiento is expressly provided the form of debiting & paying
the Ciwtous of the Negros in the Ports and the Certifications of the Poyal Officers the Customs of the Negros in the Ports and the Certifications of the Royal Officers
that ought to intervene, that the Dutyes may not be paid twice To that notling that ought to intervene, that the Dutyes may not be paid twice So that nothing
ought to be alreied herein ought to be altered herein
Lrcersion Pretension
11. It is necessary that Liense be given to Erest such buildings in the Claces assignd 11. It is necessary that License be given to Erect such buildings in the Places assignd
the Comps as may secue the Regroe from running away or falling upon the Fact the Compa as may secure the Negroes from running away or falling upon the Factrs
and for their security against their Insules and where ships may conveniently and for their security against their Insults and where ships may conveniently
Anchor near the Settlement in the Ower Plake and that it be delivered what Anchor near the Settlement in the River Plate and that it be delivered what
parcels of Laud his MM will please to assign according to the 9t Art & the parcels of Land his CM will please to assign according to the 9th Art & the
Preliminarye of the Peace Preliminarys of the Peace
Answer Answer
As to this protension His M will intirely comply with the Captulations 11. As to this pretension His CM will intirely comply with the Capitulations