i so, it is of too Material a Consequence to
be Submited to But te hope there is some be Submited to But te hope there is some
Mistake in this, because by a dist of the Cedulas
preparing in conformity to the King of Spains preparing in conformity to the King of Spains
Resolution, wch our Agent Mr Mratford has Resolution, wch our Agent Mr Mratford has
transmited, This for enforcing the 34. Act of the
Asst is so worded, that you should have no Asst is so worded, that you should have no
Objection to it therefore this led particularly Objection to it therefore this led particularly
should be seen before it be suffecrd to pass should be seen before it be suffecrd to pass
at their just Rates Some Stores of at their just Rates Some Stores of
Mistake in this, because by a dist of the Cedulas
Wood, Iron & others, in Observance Wood, Iron & others, in Observance
of what is granted by the 34th Art
of the Assiento. of the Assiento.
This the Comps. acknowledge as a favour, This the Comps. acknowledge as a favour,
but desire it may be expressed, in presence of his
Mr Minister in London, and if this could be
gottime enough It would save great Charge gottime enough It would save great Charge
& Trouble in the present this Prunce Rreserich
gone to sera Caut gone to Vera Cruz
That the Comps. be also comply That the Comps. be also comply
with in their Request vizt that when with in their Request vizt that when
but desire it may be expressed, in presence of his once any of the Annual Ships shall
Mr Minister in London, and if this could be have been measured in the presence of
& Trouble in the present this Prunce Rreserich his Maj y Minister, & provided they
be the same, they shall not be again be the same, they shall not be again
measured. measured.
Therean no Judgement bo made of there There can no Judgement bo made of there
Explanations, fill they are seen, sat tis hoped Explanations, fill they are seen, sat tis hoped
the Design is to facilitate in favour of the the Design is to facilitate in favour of the
Company. Company.
That his Majy will also order That his Majy will also order
a Cedula to be dispatched for the better a Cedula to be dispatched for the better
Observance of the 22d Article of the Observance of the 22d Article of the
Aficente in the Searching of Shiys Aficente in the Searching of Ships
and for that of the 17t Article concerning and for that of the 17t Article concerning
the Return of Goods, ach of them to the Return of Goods, ach of them to
be explained with the utmost be explained with the utmost
Clearness. Clearness.
The Comps hope this Cass will be so worded The Compa hope this Ceda will be so worded
as to obviate a protence started in the Judies as to obviate a pretence started in the Indies
as if the Comps could only export what was as if the Compa could only export what was
the immediate produce of their Regises and the immediate produce of their Negroes and
Goods & could not wth their Money or other Goods & could not wth their Money or other
produce of the Negroes & Goods purchase produce of the Negroes & Goods purchase
Fruit to be exported. It is also necessary to be Fruit to be exported. It is also necessary to be
provided that the produce both of the Goods & provided that the produce both of the Goods &
Megroes Negroes
That a Coula bo likewise That a Cedula be likewise
dispatched for the Observance of what dispatched for the Observance of what
is Stipulated as to the exporting of is Stipulated as to the exporting of
the produce of the Negrees, and Effects the produce of the Negroes, and Effects
of the Assients in Silver, Gold, or of the Assiento in Silver, Gold, or
the the