Tis Notin is contrary to what his C.M. This Notion is contrary to what his C.M.
has expressed in the Additional Article by wh has expressed in the Additional Article by wch
the Annual Ship was first granted, & more the Annual Ship was first granted, & more
at large Setforth by his Royal Cedula of at large Set forth by his Royal Cedula of
Internation & contrary to the original
Intention of this Ship wch was granted as a
Sure benefit to the Compa. to make em amends
for Losses by the Negro Trade, all former
Assientists having been rund by it. However
as his C Mr Resolution, That our Goods as his CMs Resolution, That our Goods
by the Annual Ship shall not be internated,
but sold in the port of Importation Seems but sold in the port of Importation Seems
to be grounded, on the Exemption which by
the Treaty We enjoy from all Duty in the
Indies. We are Content to Submit to the
payment of Alcavalas, as the Subjects of his
C.M. do, having the same Liberty wch they
have of Internating their Goods, in case they
have not a good Demand for them at the
place of Importation, ot herwise of te are place of Importation, otherwise if We are
restrains, & they enjoy that Liberty, thereis restraind, & they enjoy that Liberty, there is
just forndation for Envy between the Subject just foundation for Envy between the Subject
on both sides, contrary to the reasoning in on both sides, contrary to the reasoning in
the Conclusion of the Marg. Letter the Conclusion of the Marqs. Letter
to engage him in the pursent of it. to engage him in the pursent of it.
His Britannick Majty may in his
Upright Royal Consideration
diswade them from this Instance, diswade them from this Instance,
Since it is the Surest Means of Since it is the Surest Means of
maintaining the two Crowns in the maintaining the two Crowns in the
important & frm Union & Corresponder important & frm Union & Corresponder
established between them, & of keeping established between them, & of keeping
the Subjects on both Sides free from
Enoy to each other. I am &c Enoy to each other. I am &c
The Maryf of Gormnalda The Marqs of Grimaldo