in the assince they will be complyed with as the same is repressed in this Declaration in the assinto they will be complyed with as the same is expressed in this Declaration
and for the Execution & pactice there of such Disparches Shall be given the Coasmay be and for the Execution & practice there of such Dispatches Shall be given the Co as may be
necessary or they may require necessary or they may require
Pretension Pretension
that in the 10t act only is apower grauced to Freight ships in Panama & 12. that in the 10t art only is a power granted to Freight ships in Panama &
Whereas the French lead power to build or buy Ships in Canama or in any other Whereas the French had power to build or buy Ships in Panama or in any other
Port of the Saith sas where are Yard for building: the Caup: deme the same, if Port of the South seas where are Yards for building: the Compa: desire the same, if
nor sifficiently prviced for in the 39. art nor sufficiently provided for in the 39th. art
Answer Answer
In the 10 art guared by the company is magieed that they may fright 12. In the 10th art quoted by the company is provided that they may freight
Pubarcations to Introduce their slaves in the Provinces of the Soulle Sea & Imbarcations to Introduce their slaves in the Provinces of the South Sea &
in the 39 art are granted them all the conations contained informer in the 39th art are granted them all the conditions contained in former
affecutor so that both in the one & the other the letter ought to be Oberved assientos so that both in the one & the other the letter ought to be Observed
Lecension Pretension
His stipulated by the 22 Art that whatsoever Merchd shall be faied on board 13. It is stipulated by the 22 Art that whatsoever Merchd shall be found on board
the Ships shall be forfeited and liable to the same peualty as if landed: whereas it the Ships shall be forfeited and liable to the same penalty as if landed: whereas it
often happens, that they cannot sell all the Merchandise on the Coast of Aprica often happens, that they cannot sell all the Merchandise on the Coast of Africa
which are carried for the purchas of Negroes and the ships carry there together wth which are carried for the purchase of Negroes and the ships carry there together wth
the Negras to the ports of the Taaies Htis reasonable that liberty be given to the Negroes to the ports of the Indies It is reasonable that liberty be given to
Ddepont them in the Kings Ware hauses and to bring them back again at their deposit them in the Kings Warehouses and to bring them back again at their
departure provided notice be given upon arrival departure provided notice be given upon arrival
Answer Answer
In the 22 Art. which the Comp. menions is Bon the highert Importance 13. In the 22 Art. which the Compa. menions is seen the highest Importance
to to