which you are to deliver with our compliments at such times and which you are to deliver with our compliments at such times and
in such manner & Proportions ut you shall seemost proper for in such manner & Proportions ut you shall seemost proper for
our service, what We have imediately designed for our service, what We have imediately designed for
his Excelleny the vice Roy are according to the Memonial his Excelleny the vice Roy are according to the Memonial
Inclosed. Inclosed.
Inclosed are also Invories and Bills of Lading of a Quantity of Cyra Inclosed are also Invories and Bills of Lading of a Quantity of Cyra
Beer & c ship t onboard the Sarah Galley for entertaining the admiral of Beer & c ship t onboard the Sarah Galley for entertaining the admiral of
the Flota, Vice admiral. Royel officer & and your selves amounting to the Flota, Vice admiral. Royel officer & and your selves amounting to
£140 £140
Bothshyps are ordered to touch at madera to take in wine o Bothshyps are ordered to touch at madera to take in wine o
Brundy for the use of theirespective Company's vizt. The Royal Prence Brundy for the use of theirespective Company's vizt. The Royal Prence
30 Pipes and the Sarah Galley not exceeding 6 Oipes this latter wials 30 Pipes and the Sarah Galley not exceeding 6 Oipes this latter wials
to take in as much more for the use of the Factory as she can conveniently to take in as much more for the use of the Factory as she can conveniently
for wrnicer to the tavoryer, How, for which the lapta. is to sign Bills of Lading and you aro to for wrnicer to the tavoryer, How, for which the lapta. is to sign Bills of Lading and you aro to
give him a receipt on the back thereof: and give the lompany credit give him a receipt on the back thereof: and give the lompany credit
Goe the Co Credit for the pune for the Porme lost according to the Invoice he will deliver you. Goe the Co Credit for the pune for the Porme lost according to the Invoice he will deliver you.
Herewith you have copies of our Instructions to both the Herewith you have copies of our Instructions to both the
said Comanders which you are carefully to Peruse and see that they said Comanders which you are carefully to Peruse and see that they
be comply'd with, and in lase of Default give us an Account you be comply'd with, and in lase of Default give us an Account you
are also to govern your selves according to them are also to govern your selves according to them
You are to give to Captn Raymond & Captn Vesson Receipts You are to give to Captn Raymond & Captn Vesson Receipts
for the Goods & stores they repectively shall deliver to you on the for the Goods & stores they repectively shall deliver to you on the
tacks of their Bills of Lading tacks of their Bills of Lading
And they and their respective ships Companies are to give you And they and their respective ships Companies are to give you
all the Assistance they can in unlading the Goods & stores & putting all the Assistance they can in unlading the Goods & stores & putting
them into the Warchouses and in every thing ele wherein the yean them into the Warchouses and in every thing ele wherein the yean
be serviceable. and also in Loading the reppective ships, and in be serviceable. and also in Loading the reppective ships, and in
Case any damage shall happen to the Goods or Stores, this hgligance Case any damage shall happen to the Goods or Stores, this hgligance
or other fault of any the Officers or men. sendus an Account or other fault of any the Officers or men. sendus an Account
thereof in order to Our getting reparation for the same thereof in order to Our getting reparation for the same
You You