fine Goods to be sent to Damaica and put on board our assicuto Vesself fine Goods to be sent to Jamaica and put on board our assicuto Vessels
you will do well against their arrival to Secure Matters so at Portobe you will do well against their arrival to Secure Matters to at Portob^o
and Paname that they may meet with no Molestation. and Panama that they may meet with no Molestation.
You have also done Will to get inserted in this Licence that 10 You have also done Will to get inserted in this Licence that
the goods may be brought up and sold at Panama. the goods may be brought up and sold at Panama.
We hope there will be no Diffeculty on the side of Carkagn. 11 We hope there will be no Difficulty on the side of Carthagena.
as that Factory wrote you there would not as that Factory wrote you there would not
12 We approve your writing the necessary to that Factory and 12 We approve your writing the necessary to that Factory and
sending them the Lieence hinting to them to transport the Goods in a sending them the Lieenct thinking to them to transport the Goods in a
ship of force or if to be procured from Samriea one of His Maj. ship of force or if to be procured from Jamaica one of His Maj.^ty
ships; But as the HerbertGalley is a ship of force and departed ships; But as ther HerbertGalley is a ship of force and departed
from Tamuia for laithagene the 19th April. We hope the came Kitle from Jamica for caithagena the 19^th April. We hope the came thither
opportunely so as to be made use of on this Occasion for doing) which opportunely so as to be made use of on this Occasion for doing) which
they might make their agreement with the Captn. even tho they paid they might make their agreement with the Capt^n. even tho they paid
a freight somewhat Extraordinary. a freight somewhat Extraordinary.
Concerning Trade in General, and also Concerning Trade in General, and also
the Laws & Customs of the Country the Laws & Customs of the Country
We observe what you wrote under these heads and doubt 1 We observe what you wrote under these heads and doubt
not but the Knowledge of them will enable you the better to carry not but the Knowledge of them will enable you the better to carry
on Our affairs under your Management on Our affairs under your Management
He note what you write concerning aleavalas beining 2 He note what you write concerning alcavalas becoming
due on a 2d Sale made by the Puyers of negroes due on a 2d Sale made by the Buyers of negroes
And that Cunopian Goods pay no dutyon their Landing 3 And that European Goods pay no duty on their Landing
at Portobelo, the Exporsters having been obliged to pay in ladiy, but at Portobelo, the Exporters having been obliged to pay in cadiz, but
when Brot up and sold the setter is abliged to pay 4 flent But he when Brot up and sold the seller is abliged to pay 4 P cent But he
cannot suppose this to be undersaod with respect to Our Goods either by cannot suppose this to be understood with respect to Our Goods either by
the Licence or Annual ship the Goods by the former being free byle the Licence or Annual ship the Goods by the former being free by the
Licence and validation It being thereby expressly granted & concedes Licence and validation It being thereby expressly granted & conceded
that there shall not be taken or paid any Duties but that the that there shall not be taken or paid any Duties but that the
Goods by the Bedford be exempt and free from all which by the Goods by the Bedford be exempt and free from all which by the
Tuly C Bales