Pann. in Lieu of what you ased to pay him as he did business. Pawn. in Lieu of what you used to pay him as he did business.
The Comittee of Conespondence will In form you of the Determuation The Comittee of Conespondence wile In form you of the Determination
Weare come to in relation to the Carrying the Goods from yor Place to We are come to in relation to the Carrying the Goods from yo^r Place to
Portobelo, where directions you are to observe as fally as if they weresigned Portobelo, where directions you are to observe as fally as if they were signed
by the Court We are by the Court - We are
Yor Loving Friends the Court of Yo^r Loving Friends the Court of
Ansu 30 June 1713. [Ans^d] 30 June 1718.
Directors of the South tee Company Directors of the South See Company
Ja Bateman SubGov Ja: Bateman SubGov^r
Charles Toye Charles Soye-
Sam Shepheard Depty Sam Shepheard Depty
Jacob Jacobreu Jacob [ Jacobreu]*
Wm Chapman Wm. Chapman
Peter Delaporte Peter Delaporte
Ficher Tench Ficher Tench
John Fellowes John Fellowes
Sanl Leade San^l. Reade
Robert Chester Robert Chestez
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Wm Atell Wm Atell
Fran: Hawes Fran: Harvey]
Richd Horsey Rich^d Horsey
Ad Houlditch R^i Houlditch
Danl Hays Dan ^l Hays
Geo: Cauval Geo: Cauval
John Plunt John Blunt
A Raymond H Raymond,
Edward Gibbon Edward Gibbon
Pouth Coa tuse London South Sea house London
Hanry Suley Henry Durley
2 Jangary 17 2^nd January 1717.
Sent with the above Sent with the above
copy of the last dated 31. Oct. 1717 copy of the last dated 3^st. Oct. 1717
Duplicate of Cedula relating to Inze Negroe Duplicate of Cedula relating to Prize Negroes
To John Thruppe Esqr Pesident and the rest of the To John Thruppe Esqr. President and the rest of the
Factors for the Royal assiento Company of Great Britain Factors for the Royal Assiento Company of Great Britain
at Buenos Ayres at Buenos Ayres
South Sea house South Sea House
Dent Gentn
London 2d January 117 London 2nd January 1717
Our last was the 3d & 3th May by the Europe who Our last was the 3rd & 8th May by the Europe who-
sailed from the Downes the 30th April 1777 and is Bound for Whidah sailed from the Downes the 30th April 1717 and is Bound for Whidah
and yor Port for 450 Negroes and to bring home 10500 hides and as and yor Port for 450 Negroes and to bring home 10500 hides and as
many many