Negroes We ordered there to be provided against hee arrival not Negroes We ordered there to be provided against the arrival not
exceeding 200 to be delivered to you. You will see by her Charter exceeding 200 to be delivered to you. You will see by her Charter
Party abstract whereof is inclosed, she is to stay at yor Port go days Party abstract whereof is inclosed, she is to stay at yor Port 90 days
if not sooner dispatched, for which We are to pay no Demorage. thoe if not sooner dispatched, for which We are to pay no Demorage. thoe
Wecant but beleive much less than half that time will be sufficient We cant but beleive much less than half that time will be sufficient
for yor shiping our Effects having beenso long in Possession of for yor shiping our Effects having been so long in Possession of
Our Goods, that We expect you will have made Large Sales, and Our Goods, that We expect you will have made Large Sales, and
be Inveited in proportionable sums in Gold & Silvor which will soon be Invested in proportionable sums in Gold & Silver which will soon
be ship'd and seeing our Freight in the same whether the ship be be ship'd and seeing our Freight in the same whether the ship be
Loaded or not. You may send us a Quantity of Logwoed, provided Loaded or not. You may send us a Quantity of Logwood, provided
you can buy at Four pounds to Four pounds ten shillings Phun you can buy at Four pounds to Four pounds ten shillings P tun
on board. on board.
And tho the time allowed be go days; Yet We are to be And tho the time allowed be go days; Yet We are to be
allowed Seven pounds ten shillings pdeem for every day less than allowed Seven pounds ten shillings p deem for every day less than
the 9o days; but if dupatch'd sooner you are to send Certificates to the 90 days; but if dispatch'd sooner you are to send Certificates to
adjust with the owners. If you judge it our Interest, and can adjust with the owners. If you judge it our Interest, and can
send us larger Remittances you may keep her the full 9o days. send us larger Remittances you may keep her the full 90 days.
and 30 days more on like demorage of Seven pounds ten shillings and 30 days more on like demorage of Seven pounds ten shillings
Pdiem P diem
We wrote you the 6th July last concerning Mr Woods We wrote you the 6th July last concerning Mr Woods
adventure on a Stoop for yor Port with 27 Negroes, You are adventure on a Sloop for yor Port with 27 Negroes, You are
not to omit giving us a Particular account in yor next. not to omit giving us a Particular account in yor next.
3. As to yor Brigantine you so much complain of. We have 3. As to yor Brigantine you so much complain of. We have
writ thereupon to Our Agents at Samaica and shall either continue writ thereupon to Our Agents at Jamaica and shall either continue
Complaints agt of Brigantuce her or build One more proper for our Service, as We shall be her or build One more proper for our Service, as We shall be
advised, and We direct you to be carefull that she answers the advised, and We direct you to be carefull that she answers the
Expences. Expences.
6th Head Concerning Governours Royal Officers 6th Head Concerning Governours Royal Officers
Judges Conservators & other Officers Judges Conservators & other Officers
We note yor having appointed the Governoue of Cuba, Judge We note yor having appointed the Governour of Cuba, Judge
Conservator there at a Salary of $300 Pann. We expect you Conservator there at a Salary of $300 Pann. We expect you
will take care that he exert himself in the Companys service to the utmor will take care that he exert himself in the Companys service to the utmost
of his Power of his Power
Conceing Conceing