that the manhall was setled at $300. P Ann. and in your account that the marshall was setled at $300. P Ann^m. and in your account
curr you debit us for & 360 likewise the Rocurators Salary stands at curr^t you debit us for & 360 likewise the Rocurators Salary stands at
$250 and in the Aucst. currt but &200 together with $500 paid the $250 and in the Acco^t. curr^t but &200 together with $500 paid the
Secry for a year's Salary, which person was not mentioned in the aforesd Secry for a year's Salary, which person was not mentioned in the afores^d
List. We expect yor reasons for these differences, and whenever you pay ary List. We expect yo^r reasons for these differences, and whenever you pay any
money on the above accounts. You must take care to mention the Comencen. money on the above accounts. You must take care to mention the Comencem^t.
and to what time due. and to what time due.
14. We observe that you debit us $ 739.6 expended in the Tactory 4thly. We observe that you debit us $ 739.6 expended in the Factory
from 18th Sept. 1716 D 18 Sept. 1717 without giving us the Particulars from 18th Sept. 1716 @ 18 Sept. 1717 without giving us the Particulars
If part of this sum was for the Subsistence of Negroes and part for If part of this sum was for the Subsistence of Negroes and part for
House Expences you ought to have distinguished the same and debited House Expences you ought to have distinguished the same and debited
your Self for the Latter. It being Properly on yor own account. your Self for the Latter. It being Properly on yor own account.
When you ship off any money or Goods for Jamaica, 5thly. When you ship off any money or Goods for Jamaica,
Barbadoes or elscwhere you mut be sure to insert all charges at the Barbadoes or elsewhere you must be sure to insert all charges at the
foot of the Several Snovices. foot of the Several Invoices.
h Concerning negroes & their Provisions You are to Ereet a head 6thly Concerning negroes & their Provisions You are to Erect a head
of Negroe Provisions & necessaries wherein to place the same debiting of Negroe Provisions & necessaries wherein to place the same debiting
each ship acco. for their Roportion. each ship accot. for their Proportion.
When you pay any Portcharges. Fees to the officers & c When you pay any Portcharges. Fees to the officers & c
upon any Negroe ships, you must place such Charges to the Ropser upon any Negroe ships, you must place such Charges to the Proper
Read of each ship's accs. of Negroes head of each ship's accot. of Negroes
You must likewie creita General head of Negroes wherein You must likewise erect a General head of Negroes wherein
to carry the Amount of the Debit and Credit of each ships Nogroes to carry the Amount of the Debit and Credit of each ships Negroes
with their Numbers imported and Sold, whereby the remaining hegroes with their Numbers imported and Sold, whereby the remaining negroes
will be seen at one Vicw in the Balance and will Cheque the pticular will be seen at one View in the Balance and will Cheque the pticular
Accounts. Accounts.
You are also to send us certificates of the mortality of Regroy You are also to send us certificates of the mortality of Negroes
Partculerying the time when they died: their Number and by what ship Particularizing the time when they died their Number and by what ships
also the Proper Instruments of Regulation and Authentick Certificates of also the Proper Instruments of Regulation and Authentick Certificates of
such as die within the 15 days in order to our accounting with the such as die within the 15 days in order to our accounting with the
King of Spain. King of Spain.
Wthen you receive negroes by any ships consigned you When you receive negroes by any ships consigned you
You You