Miss. Thompon Pratter Missrs Thompson Pratter
& Harelwood & Haselwood
South Seahouse South Sea house
London 30 April 1718 London 30th April 1718
Our last was the 26th February of the London Our last was the 26th February P the London
Captn. Lillewhite who sailed hence the 8th March and inclosed We send Captn. Littlewhite who sailed hence the 8th March and inclosed We send
You copy, wherein We answer'd all your Letters then come to hand viz You copy, wherein We answer'd all your Letters then come to hand vizt
up to the 25th December and wrote you at large in relation to the up to the 25th December and wrote you at large in relation to the
transporting the Dedford's Goods from Carthagena to Portobelo, which transporting the Bedford's Goods from Carthagena to Portobelo, which
We confrrm, and hope you have put the same in Execution. We have We confirm, and hope you have put the same in Execution. We have
since raied yos of the 5th February last of the Lewis Captn Laming since reced yors of the 5th February last & the Lewis Captn Laming
with the Packets you forwarded by that ship from Oar Factors at the with the Packets you forwarded by that ship from Our Factors at the
Havanah. Veralruz & Pernama, and another from Mr Bumpsted. Havanah, Vera Cruz & Panama, and another from Mr Bumpsted.
We note the Arrival of the John Galley Capt. Coward We note the Arrival of the John Galley Captn Coward
the 20th Janry with 267 Slaves from Whidtah in a bad Condition the 20th Janry with 267 Slaves from Whidah in a bad Condition
after burying 92 in the Voyage. and that you were obliged to take after burying 92 in the Voyage. and that you were obliged to take
out & sill 102. notwithstanding which the remaining 165 were out & sell 102. notwithstanding which the remaining 165 were
an ill apsortment and not proper for Carthagena, for which reason an ill assortment and not proper for Carthagena, for which reason
you detained the said ship on demorage frather than let her go so much you detained the said ship on demorage (rather than let her go so much
dead Treighted) in expectation of our ship the Evelin which you aderse dead Freighted) in expectation of our ship the Evelin which you advise
us arrived the 10th February with 159 Slaves, out of which you us arrived the 10th February with 159 Slaves, out of which you
took 122. and put them on board the John Galley for Portobels with took 122 and put them on board the John Galley for Portobelo with
the remainder of the Evelyns Provisions, as also your Intention the remainder of the Evelyn's Provisions, as also your Intention
to sell the remainder of that ships negroes. to sell the remainder of that ships negroes.
That you had entred & paid the Dutie for the afores That you had entred & paid the Duties for the aforesd
165 pegroes, which you must receive back as well as all the money 165 Negroes, which you must receive back as well as all the money
you have paid for duties & especially since the date of the Order of you have paid for duties & especially since the date of the Order of
Repeal, which you are Imediately to endeavour at and Proceed in Repeal, which you are Imediately to endeavour at and Proceed in
the manner We directed you in our last. the manner We directed you in our last.
We note the arrival back of the Neptune Sloop from Portobels We note the arrival back of the Neptune Sloop from Portobelo
and the Eagle Sloop from the Havenee after delivering their reprective and the Eagle Sloop from the Havana after delivering their respective
Regrve negroes