send a Stoop down with the man of War to Carthagene with Negroes to bring send a Sloop down with the man of War to Carthagena with Negroes to bring
to Jamaica Duplicates of the Certificates releting to the 744 Tuns in order to to Jamaica Duplicates of the Certificates releting to the 74 1/4 Tuns in order to
be putonboard the London imediately on her arrival, which loop may lye be put on board the London imediately on her arrival, which Sloop may lye
at Carthagena fill the man of War be Loaded, that if there be more Goods at Carthagena till the man of War be Loaded, that if there be more Goods
than the caularry, she may take them onboard her and Proceed with than she can Carry, she may take them onboard her and Proceed with
the man of War to Portobelo, where having discharged her Goods (which the man of War to Portobelo, where having discharged her Goods (which
you are to endeavour that she may before the man of War to gain time) you are to endeavour that she may before the man of War to gain time)
you are imediately to returnher to Jamaica with the Duplicate of you are imediately to return her to Jamaica with the Duplicate of
certificates before mentioned. And in case she shall take in no Goods certificates before mentioned. And in case she shall take in no Goods
at Althagena. In such lase she is to return directly from thence to at Carthagena. In such Case she is to return directly from thence to
Jamaica with the said Duplicates. Jamaica with the said Duplicates.
You are to observe that of the man of Wai & Sloop and such You are to observe that of the man of War & Sloop and such
other Embarcations as can be met with at Carthagena shall not beable other Embarcations as can be met with at Carthagena shall not be able
to take in all the Goods. In such lase also the Factory there are to to take in all the Goods. In such lase also the Factory there are to
return the Sloop directly to Samaica! And the man of Wal u to return the Sloop directly to Jamaica And the man of War is to
Proced according to the Admisalty's Orders to Portobelo with what sthe Proceed according to the Admiralty's Orders to Portobelo with what she
cauntake in and return to Carthagena and take in the rest and carry can take in and return to Carthagena and take in the rest and carry
the same to Portobelo. the same to Portobelo.
Youare to gather up as much Gold. Silver and other Effects You are to gather up as much Gold. Silver and other Effects
as you possibly can, in order to be ship'd on board the London, for as you possibly can, in order to be ship'd on board the London, for
she is aship of force & Countenance. and may not have such another she is a ship of force & Countenance and we may not have such another
good opportunity for a Considerable time. and you are to take all the good opportunity for a Considerable time. and you are to take all the
Care Youcan as to the goodness of the Gold, there being great cheats in Care You can as to the goodness of the Gold, there being great cheats in
it, some of the Gold lately reed from Carthagena being above 10 it, some of the Gold lately reed from Carthagena being above 10S
for under Standard P oz under Standard
To prevent any embarasments which may happen. We have To prevent any embarasments which may happen. We have
as well by our Letter to the Comander of the man of War as by oue as well by our Letter to the Comander of the man of War as by our
Agents at Jamaica carnestly recomended it to him upon no Account Agents at Jamaica carnestly recomended it to him upon no Account
whatsoever to carry any Goods to the Spanish West Erdies, other than, whatsoever to carry any Goods to the Spanish West Indies, other than,
those he shall take in at Carthagena for the Company, And for his those he shall take in at Carthagena for the Company, And for his
Services herein at Ris return to Jamaica We have ordered our Services herein at his return to Jamaica We have ordered our
agents there to give him such a Reward as they shall judge to agents there to give him such a Reward as they shall judge to
be be