it shall be paid here, yet in consideration of the Letter of Attorney he left it shall be paid here, yet in consideration of the Letter of Attorney he left
with his Wife and her necessties and Importanity. We have paid her here as with his Wife and her necessties and Importanity. We have paid her here as
folows viz. follows viz^t.
16 May 176 L25 16 May 1716 ............  £25 ..........
18anry25 18 Janry .....................   25   ...........
July 1777 July 1777 ....................   30 ............
530                                          £80 ............
for which you are to give ts credit but for the future We shall regat for which you are to give us credit but for the future We shall expect
you to send such vouchers in relation to the Payment of your Salaries bee you to send such vouchers in relation to the Payment of your Salaries Paid
as We have already directed, otherwise We cannot be regular in paying as We have already directed, otherwise We cannot be regular in paying
any part here. any part here.
You are not to Permit any one to receive any part before it You are not to Permit any one to receive any part before it
become due, and always take care to accot for what we pay here become due, and always take care to acco.^t for what we pay here
Ansur 30 June 1718 Answ:^d 30 June 1718
South sea house South sea house
London 28th Novemt 177 London 28th Novemt 1717
Mr. Bowles Mr. Bowles
Our last was the 3. October which we find is come to Our last was the 3d. October which we find is come to
Your hands, As to the Autos and Papers refer'd to in it. We have sent Your hands, As to the Autos and Papers refer'd to in it. We have sent
them by Sea fof the Sd. John Captt Ant Del Belbarco to Mr Archer of them by Sea P the St. John Captn Ant Del Belbarco to Mr Archer of
Bilsao to be forwarded to you which ship sailed heme abt the 4t octob Bilbao to be forwarded to you which ship sailed home abt the 4th octobr
We have since reced your of the 1 October & 14 nov? and others from We have since reced yors of the 1 October & 14 novr and others from
Mr Wzardi of the 11th Oct & 12 Nov with the ledulas giving as heat Mr Uzardi of the 11th Oct :& 12 Novr with the cedulas giving as Liberty 
to buyall Prize Riegroes at 110 p 4 pr of India ano note thir Cedula to to buy all Prize negroes at 110 $ p 4 ps of India and note thier Cedula to
belixcular and General finishing our Law cuits with Capt. Eschevers at be circular and General finishing our Law cuits with Captn. Eschevers at
Panama & Capt. corres atlarthagena and all others of the like nature Panama & Capn. corres at Carthagena and all others of the like nature
concerning which we have writ to those Factories and sent them concerning which we have writ to those Factories and sent them
the said Ceduli which we hope will have the deiires Effect. the said Cedula which we hope will have the desired Effect.
We observe with Pleasure the good luccess the Repuerat We observe with Pleasure the good success the Represent 
ations of the tunta have met with in obtaining the Grant of a ations of the Junta have met with in obtaining the Grant of a
General lircular Cedula for the Indulto of all Regroes even General circular Cedula for the Indulto of all Negroes even
before before