Approve Your paying him the same as also his Salary to the time of your Approve your paying him the same as also his Salary to the time of your _
departure taking the Proper discharges, but we are satisfied it will be the departure taking the Proper discharges, but we are satisfied it will be the _
opinion of the Court to confirm their former directions against paying or _ opinion of the Court to confirm their former directions against paying or _
advancing any money whatsoever on account of dutes or otherwise, there advancing any money whatsoever on account of duties or otherwise, there
being not the least shadow of reason for it, when a full stop has been put to being not the least shadow of reason for it, when a full stop has been put to
Our whole Comerce & orders sent for Imbarging Our Factorie & Efects: and Our whole Comerce & orders sent for Imbarging Our Factorie & Effects; and
We cannot but be Surpized that Orders have been issued upon you for the We cannot but be surprized that orders have been issued upon you for the
payment pretended to be due the 1st. November. To which the observe you have payment pretended to be due the 1.^st November. To which He observe you have
replied as the Couat directed you and We are glad to hear their Letter resened replied as the Court directed you and We are glad to hear their Letter reached
you so timely. you so timely.
He hope Youl be able to get away with the Chvog and are concernd He hope you'l be able to get away with the Envoy and are concerned
to hear that notwithstanding what He wrote you so long ago as the 4th Septen. to hear that notwithstanding what He wrote you so long ago as the 4.^th Septem.^r
relating to yor own Security Itdid not come time enough to give you an opportunity relating to yo.^r own security It did not come time enough to give you an opportunity
of retreating before the 1t. November and should you be detained on that or any of retreating before the 1.^st. November and should you be detained on that or any
other the Company's account you may be assured of all that is in their Power other the Company's account you maybe assured of all that is in their Power
for ye Rclease and Support and that they will in such case order you alredy for yo.^r Release and Support and that they will in such case order you aCredit
accordingly. accordingly.
By the Indisportion of the Sub & Dept Governours and having little By the Indisportion of the Sub & Dep.^ty Governours and having little
business. We have had no Court last Week nor this Week; but that you might not business. We have had no Court last Week nor this Week; but that you might not
think yor self neglected We would not longer defer writing- We are think yo.^r self neglected We would not longer defer writing- We are
Yor affectionate Friends Yo.^r affectionate Friends
The Committe of Coneyondire The Comitte of Correspondsence
Wm Chapman W.^m Chapman
Joh Gore Jo.^h Gore
Jno Blunt Jn.^o Blunt
E Gibson E Gibbon
South Sea house London 6 Nov. 171 South Sea house London 6.^th Nov.^r 1718
Mr Harde Mr Uzardi
Sr
He have reced yod Letter of the 10th Alt wherein you adirce We have reced yor Letter of the 10th Ulto wherein you advice
rs yod Intention to Draw for the 200 pd advanced to Dr Manuel delive us yor Intention to Draw for the 200 pds 8/8. advanced to Dn Manuel de silva
by by /