Hores and Provisions being the like Complaint as was made to Mr Hanhope Stores and Provisions being the like Complaint as was made to M.^r Stanhope
by the Markde Grinaldo which you transmited to us, The Euntassador was by the Mary de Grinaldo which you transmited to us, The Embassador was
likewise plaared to oad, That the Diamond carried Goods for Sale. To which likewise pleased to add. That the Diamond carried Goods for Sale. To which
We have answers, That neither of these ships wch accompanied the Royal Prince We have answer'd. That neither of these ships w.^ch accompanied the Royal Prince
had onboard any Part of the Stores or Provisions for the Royal Prince; but had onboard any Part of the Stores or Provisions for the Royal Prince; but
that she carried out ouboard her all her own stores & Provisions. And if that she carried out onboard her all her own stores & Provisions. and if
the Diamond had any Goods, it was without any Privity knowledge the Diamond had any Goods, it was without any Privity knowledge
Consent or direction of the Company who would be very glad that all Consent or direction of the Company who would be very glad that all
clandestine trade were suppiet's, it being of great disadvantage to the clandestine trade were suppress'd it being of great disadvantage to the
Company's Annual ship Mr Craggs also acquainted the Marg. that enquisr Company's Annual ship Mr Craggs also acquainted the Marg.^s that enquiry
Should be made whether the lapt? of the Diamond had comitted the Fact Should be made whether the Cap.^t of the Diamond had comitted the Fact
and if he had he should be Punished? So We hope the Company will be and if he had he should be Punished? So We hope the Company will be
cleared of any Imputation of this Nature. cleared of any Imputation of this Nature.
As We have desired that after you have got the Grant of the As We have desired that after you have got the Grant of the
Ceaule for the departure of the shyp youshould without loss of anytime in Cedula for the departure of the ship you should without loss of anytime in
dispatching the same endeavour to get the 4 Mo. Stipulated for the Ships say dispatching the same endeavour to get the 4 Mo.^s Stipulated for the Ships stay
dispenced with for this time. To We hope you will not meet with much dispenced with for this time. So We hope you will not meet with much
dificulty Since We have an Equity for such a part thereof as We have dificulty Since We have an Equity for such a part thereof as We have
and shall be detained & stopd from the Last of June. We are and shall be detained & stop'd from the Last of June - We are
W. Loving Friends The Yo.^r Loving Friends The
Accswd 15 Augt Answ^.d 15 Aug.^t
Comittee of Correspondence Comittee of Correspondence
Sam Skepheard DGov Sam: Shepheard D Gov.^r
Wm Astell W.^m Astell
Joh Gore Jo.^h Gore
E Gibbon E Gibbon
And. Plunt Jn^o Blunt
SouthSeatton South Sea House
26 June 1713 26 June 1718.
the Court of Directors having recd advice from Mr Parke their Agent the Court of Directors having rec.^d advice from M^r Parke their Agent
at Madred that His Citt had appointed a New Goo of the Counrye at Madrid that His CM. had appointed a New Gov^r of the Canarys
Cariving of a cory indifficent Character that will Rubanass us all he can deserving of a very indifficent Character, that will [Inbarras] us. all he can
sall others that cause undr his pawdr For which rearon Fau Couauded to & all others that cause under his power For which reason I am Comanded to_
give you this Caution (hat by all possble means you ladord giving him the give you this Caution (that by all possible means you'l avoid giving him the
loas Occasion for Resentuent or differing with hium, but that you do every [least] Occasion for Resentment or differing with him, but that you do every
thing ingan fower to hepup a good Cone pondence with him damct thing in your power to keep up a good Correspondence with him  I am &c.
Da DW.