South Seahouse South Sea house
Mr. Bowles Mr. Bowles
London 16th January 117 London 16^th. January 1717
Our last was the qth Instant copy herewith, since which Our last was the 9^th. Instant copy herewith, since which
have reced yours of the 3d Init. with the Triplicate of the ledule for have reced yours of the 3^d [ Init:] with the Triplicate of the Cedula for
Transportation of the Bedfords Cargoe from Carthagena to Portobelo and Transportation of the Bedford's Cargoes from Carthagena to Portobelo and
the List of the largoe of the Hondura ships. the List of the Cargoe of the Hondura ships.
In our said Letter We wrote you at Large concerning the In our said Letter We wrote you at Large concerning the
necessity We are under of having our annual ship now building nesured necessity We are under of having our annual ship now building measured
otenonal Inclopd ab Mesonin here and not the Goods, which We now Confirm and to this purpoe here and not the Goods, which We now Confirm and to this purpose
We send you Inclosed ourmemorial to Hie C.M. which is Prepared to We send you Inclosed our memorial to Hi C.M: which is Prepared w^th.
the concurrence & approbation of Sr Wm Eon (to whom We have give the concurrence & approbation of S^r. W^m Eon  (to whom We have given
copy) and he Promises to write in it's favour to the Court of Spain copy) and he Promises to write in it's favour to the Court of Spain
This Memorial We send you not to confine you to the form This Memorial We send you not to confine you to the form
which you may alter in the manner most acceptable to that Court, and which you may alter in the manner most acceptable to that Court, and
if you find any Part of it to be more Proper to be talked to than writ if you find any Part of it to be more Proper to be talked to than writ
youare at Liberty to do it youare at Liberty to do it.
We remind you likewise to get a Copy of Sr Wm Lons Instruction We remind you likewise to get a Copy of S^r W^m Eons Instruction
and if you find they run to measure the Goods you are to apply that and if you find they run to measure the Goods you are to apply that
concerning sd Wm Cons Instructions instead thereof he may have power only to measure the Ship the instead thereof he may have power only to measure the Ship. the
other being endless and may retard the ship every voyage 2 0r 3 other being endless and may retard the ship every voyage 2 0r 3
months, whereas the ship being once measured serves for the whole months, whereas the ship being once measured serves for the whole
Penyears. ten years.
We likewise remind Yours expedite the Cedula for the We likewise remind Yours expedite the Cedula for the
Coanary ship which We must dispatch from hence the begining Coanary ship which We must dispatch from hence the begining
of Mnay. of May.
We have reen yor Letter to Mr. Knight of the 29 how with the We have seen yo^r Letter to Mr. Knight of the 29 Nov with the
Accot. of Disbursement therein Irclosed amounting to 943 pr $ 18 Acco ^t. of Disbursement therein inclosed amounting to 943 pr  8/8 1R^c.
wich has been laid before the Court and by them is refer'd to l for Our w^ch has been laid before the Court and by them is refer'd to us for Our
Examination wth when doneshalladoin you of We are Examination wc^.h when done shall advise you of.  We are
yor Loving Frends y^or Loving Friends
Mr Coole onen ect Mr Bowles [onen ect]
The Comrs. of Core pondene The Com^rs. of Correspondence.
plis of 21 Feb 7 plies of 21 Feb[ 7]
To Batemaw 16 To Bateman Fe
Samishepheard Sam shepheard
1m Ayell A Marshall
Jno Blint Jn^o Blunt