To Messrs Charles Reade President, Tho: Bedell To Messrs Charles Reade President, Tho. Bedell
Wm Clarke, John Newton and John Strode Wm Clarke, John Newton and John Strode
Factors to the Royal British Assiento Company Factors to the Royal British Assiento Company
at Lavera Crun at La Vera Cruz
Sintr Gentn
Tur last was the 8th I ey inlered Ourlast was the 8th Feby (copy inclosed)
The Comp lct of the Cndoeof the London frigat Captn Lillewhite who saites from the Downes P the London frigat Captn Lillewhite who sailes from the Downes
about the midsle of that Month. to touch at Jamaica for not exceeding about the middle of that Month. to touch at Jamaica for not exceeding
150 hegroes to be delivered at your Port, and to bring back the produce 150 Negroes to be delivered at your Port, and to bring back the produce
of our Offects in your hands. of our Effects in your hands.
This comes by the Royal Primnce. Our annual This comes by the Royal Prince. Our annual
Ship Capt. Bawnham Raymond Comrs on whom We have shopd Ship Capt. Baynham Raymond Comdrs on whom We have ship'd
a Cargoe of Goods to the amount of a Cargoe of Goods to the amount of £[blank]
Herling as o the inclosed Bill of Lading & Invoice concerning Sterling as P the inclosed Bill of Lading & Invoice concerning
the sales of which, and the making as full returns by her as the sales of which, and the making as full returns by her as
possible. We have given you so ample directions. as well in our foin. possible. We have given you so ample directions. as well in our formr.
Letters as in the General Instructions we now sent you; that we Letters as in the General Instructions we now sent you; that we
think there is no room to add so shall only recomend it to you to think there is no room to add so shall only recomend it to you to
Aexert your selves: that upon the return of the ship ne may not exert your selves: that upon the return of the ship we may not
meet with a disappointment meet with a disappointment
In the providing this largoe. all iaginable Case has been In the providing this Cargoe. all imaginable Care has been
taken, as well from your own adoices as others, that the same be taken, as well from your own advices as others, that the same be
willapsrted, and are well setisfy) that all the Speics of Goods will assorted, and we are well satisfy'd that all the Species of Goods
of which it is composed are the very bet in their kind, and wea of which it is composed are the very best in their kind, and well
manufactured having been carefully inspected and approved by the manufactured having been carefully inspected and approved by the
Comittee of Buying, lith as to their quality. Dying. Strengh of Comittee of Buying, both as to their quality, Dying, Strengh of
Colours. Packmo &ct so that this may be rehoned to be really Colours. Packing & c so that this may be reckoned to be really
the best carsoe that ever went out of lurope. and as all the the best cargoe that ever went out of Europe. and as all the
Errors in the Elizabeths Cargoe are herein rectify'd and our Errors in the Elizabeths Cargoe are herein rectify'd and our
Gods Goods