South Sea house South Sea house
Mr George Connyn Mr George Connyers
London 13th June 1718 London 13th June 1718
Mr Nicholson who embarks on the Herbert Mr Nicholson who embarks on the Herbert
Galley will deliver you the Court of Director Letter of the 12t Iustant Galley will deliver you the Court of Director Letter of the 12t Iustant
On the 16th Suct was bro to us yo Lre of the 1th of May after On the 16th Suct was bro to us yo Lre of the 1th of May after
it had been in Town as Mare informed severel days and the Wafer it had been in Town as Mare informed severel days and the Wafer
being Wit suppose it came to some Correspondest of yor open, which being Wit suppose it came to some Correspondest of yor open, which
if you sent so was very Imprudent to discover our affairs and for the if you sent so was very Imprudent to discover our affairs and for the
future expect you will send yor Letters directly to w. future expect you will send yor Letters directly to w.
We save Considered the Contents of yo said Letter and We save Considered the Contents of yo said Letter and
observe all the trines are reary: but that you meet with disfculties in observe all the trines are reary: but that you meet with disfculties in
procuring oe Braudies. (That no Black Paffeties were as yet procuring oe Braudies. (That no Black Paffeties were as yet
to be had. That only the Wines & Brandies will be Brmilled to be Loaded to be had. That only the Wines & Brandies will be Brmilled to be Loaded
forwich reason youcould not ship the Oyle nor consequently the Goods forwich reason youcould not ship the Oyle nor consequently the Goods
from mallaga. We desire you will search the Register what from mallaga. We desire you will search the Register what
Speires of Goods or Trutor have been at any time formerly Carried Speires of Goods or Trutor have been at any time formerly Carried
from the Canary slands for America. And Particularly by Dr. Sarn from the Canary slands for America. And Particularly by Dr. Sarn
Francices Marin And the Guinca Company of Portugal refer'd fou Francices Marin And the Guinea Company of Portugal refer'd fou
the 30th Art of our assients. And touse yo utmost endeavour the 30th Art of our assients. And touse yo utmost endeavour
thatall the Goods designed for this ships may be registre ever thatall the Goods designed for this ships may be registre ever
the youmake an Effectual Application you know how for doing the youmake an Effectual Application you know how for doing
it. We have Spoken to the Chesr Eon upon this affair Anday it. We have Spoken to the Chesr Eon upon this affair Anday
he was one means of our Prooiding these Goods upon the he was one means of our Prooiding these Goods upon the
assurances he had that they were uchas were usually assurances he had that they were uchas were usually
Carried to america he has writ a lre wth come herewt Carried to america he has writ a lre wth come herewt
to the Fioge in the Cauaries or whomsoever else that lower to the Fioge in the Cauaries or whomsoever else that lower
shall been as also to his friend who in the Collector in shall been as also to his friend who in the Collector in
Our Favour as well in repect to the Registring Our said Goods Our Favour as well in repect to the Registring Our said Goods
As also in repret to the Extraordinary duties. These Lett ire are As also in repret to the Extraordinary duties. These Lett ire are
under under