104 104
South Sea house South Sea house
Mr Bowles Mr Bowles
London 6th January 1717 London 6th January 1717
S S
The underwritten Paragraph from ladie having beese The underwritten Paragraph from ladie having beese
Published in our Daily Courant of the 2d. Inst. Iam ordered to trinimita Published in our Daily Courant of the 2d. Inst. Iam ordered to trinimita
copy of it to you, and to desire you to make enquiry whether there be any copy of it to you, and to desire you to make enquiry whether there be any
thing of truth in it and what time the Galeons may depart at furthest, for thing of truth in it and what time the Galeons may depart at furthest, for
the Information of the Company I am the Information of the Company I am
To To
Yo Very humble Serv Yo Very humble Serv
Daniel Wescomb Daniel Wescomb
Cadir Dec 20th Cadir Dec 20th
We shall begin to Lade the Gateons for new Spain on the 15th of We shall begin to Lade the Gateons for new Spain on the 15th of
January, and tis expected they will seil by the 20th February at January, and tis expected they will seil by the 20th February at
the latest. They are to be conveyed by 3 Man of War and Two the latest. They are to be conveyed by 3 Man of War and Two
Trisats, which are ready to sail Trisats, which are ready to sail
South Sea house South Sea house
London 9th January 177 London 9th January 177
Mr. Bowles. Mr. Bowles.
We wrote you at large the 26th past and the 2d Inct We wrote you at large the 26th past and the 2d Inct
Inclosed you copy of His Majestys Comission appointing you His Agent Inclosed you copy of His Majestys Comission appointing you His Agent
at Madrid, since which have reced you of the 13th & 27th December at Madrid, since which have reced you of the 13th & 27th December
Inclosing 2 Dispatches for transporting the Goods from Carthagena to Poto Inclosing 2 Dispatches for transporting the Goods from Carthagena to Poto
:sels, and a Simple copy of a ledula for the Indulto with Str Translatian :sels, and a Simple copy of a ledula for the Indulto with Str Translatian
HIwere in hopes to have had the Orginals by this time to have sent Our HIwere in hopes to have had the Orginals by this time to have sent Our
several Factorie it being what they have a Long time pressed for and several Factorie it being what they have a Long time pressed for and
shall be glad to find it have such an Effect: as to put an end to the disputes shall be glad to find it have such an Effect: as to put an end to the disputes
between Ours and the French Factors between Ours and the French Factors
We have also reced with yr last the Letters from Mr. Farril We have also reced with yr last the Letters from Mr. Farril
which came to you under a Plying Seal, and approve yor observing the which came to you under a Plying Seal, and approve yor observing the
have recd Letter from Mr Tanl Contents, and that yor not stiring in the affairs recomended is owing to have recd Letter from Mr Tanl Contents, and that yor not stiring in the affairs recomended is owing to
yor want of the Autos, concerning) which we would have you write Mr. yor want of the Autos, concerning) which we would have you write Mr.
Farril as We shall also do by the next opportunity. Farril as We shall also do by the next opportunity.
We approve yor opposing the Imposition of Aleavalas at We approve yor opposing the Imposition of Aleavalas at
Vera Vera