Mr. Farril Mr. Farril
South Sea house South Sea house
London 5th June 1718 London 5th June 1718
Our last was the 30th april fr the Sullow bia Jamaica Our last was the 30th april P the Swallow via Jamaica
and Duplicate of the Granville via Burbadoes and inclosed is another copy and Duplicate P the Granville via Barbadoes and inclosed is another copy
We have since recd you of the 29th March & 18th April o the Sarak Galley We have since recd you of the 29th March & 18th April P the Sarah Galley
We observe you had given a Power to Dr Manuel DelCampo We observe you had given a Power to Dn Manuel Del Campo
of St. Augustine to set on foot the Indulto there and to remit you the Produce of St. Augustine to set on foot the Indulto there and to remit you the Produce
but that the Governour would not Permot him to Execute the same, by but that the Governour would not Permit him to Execute the same, by
reason your own Power mentions only the Island of Cuba and does not reason your own Power mentions only the Island of Cuba and does not
extend so far as St. Augustine youl see by our Letter of the 15th Janry extend so far as St. Augustine youl see by our Letter of the 15th Janry
last which We sent by M. Woodbridge and now inclose Copy, what last which We sent by Mr. Woodbridge and now inclose Copy, what
Powers We have given the said Mr Woodbridge, Amongst which that Powers We have given the said Mr Woodbridge, Amongst which that
for Seizing. confiscating or Laying an Indulto on all Negroes unduly for Seizing, confiscating or Laying an Indulto on all Negroes unduly
Imported as well before as since the Present Assients into St Augustine t Imported as well before as since the Present Assiento into St Augustine &
with Authority to depute others under him. You are therefore to correspond with Authority to depute others under him. You are therefore to correspond
with and advise him from time to time of all occurrences that may with and advise him from time to time of all occurrences that may
happen in our affairs that he may give the ncesary Powers and happen in our affairs that he may give the neccesary Powers and
Instructions for the most advantageous management of them. Instructions for the most advantageous management of them.
We approve the care you took in looking after the two We approve the care you took in looking after the two
Runaway Negroes which were found at St. Augustine and note your Runaway Negroes which were found at St. Augustine and note your
having reced 300f for one of them (the other being drowned) and that having reced 300 $ for one of them (the other being drowned) and that
youhad also reced the Induct on 34 of the Po Negroes you advised us in you had also reced the Indult on 34 of the 80 Negroes you advised us in
Yor of the 7th August had been introduced at the said Place: But Yors of the 7th August had been introduced at the said Place: But
You omnit to tell us what that Indult was which youl observe to advrice You omit to tell us what that Indult was which you'l observe to advise
a in your reat and always for the future. us in your next and always for the future.
We note yor being obliged to Baptize the hegroes before they die, We note yor being obliged to Baptize the Negroes before they die,
that hey may) be beried in the Church for which you pay 7 and that they may be beried in the Church for which you pay 7$ and
that this enjoined under Pretence that the not doing it is a Scausal to their that this enjoined under Pretence that the not doing it is a Scandal to their
Religron: But Wedon't understand that to be the Sence of any Article Religion: But We don't understand that to be the Sense of any Article