To Robert Cros Esqr Resident & To Robert Cross Esqr President &
the Rest of the Factory of the R. British the Rest of the Factory of the Rl British
assents Company at Buenes Ayres Assiento Company at Buenos Ayres
Ser, Gent
The Inclosed is abstract of the Charterparty of the The Inclosed is abstract of the Charterparty of the
Ship Duke of Cambridge Capt. Thomas King, Taken up by the South Ship Duke of Cambridge Capt. Thomas King, Taken up by the South
Sea Company for a Voyage to Angola in Assica, there to take in 430 Sea Company for a Voyage to Angola in Africa, there to take in 480
Negloes to be delivered to you, and bring back as many Hydes &c as the Negroes to be delivered to you, and bring back as many Hydes & as the
said ship can Conveniently Stow. I am said ship can Conveniently Stow. I am
Gent. Your mest hum sont Gent: Your most hum Sert
D.W. D. W.
To Sea House London So Sea House London
25 March 1725 25 March 1725
To Wm Bumpsted Esqr and To W^m Bumpsted Esq^r and
the rest of the Supra Cargoes of the Royal the rest of the Supra Cargoes of the Royal
George at Carthagena or Ports Bello George at Carthagena or Porto Bello
Syma Cargees of the Rey. Supra Cargoes of the Roy^l.
George George.
sent to be forwarded by ye agents at sm sent to be forwarded by the agents at [ ]
Gentlemen Gentlemen
Our last was the 19 November of the Eex Captain Our last was the 19^th November of the Essex Captain
Gearing via Jamaica of which inclosed is Copy we have since reced Gearing via Jamaica, of which inclosed is Copy we have since reced
yours of the 9t Decemr. and 10 Jonuary by which we perceive you had yours of the 9^th Decem^r. and 10 January, by which we perceive you had
not finished your Examination into the Panama Factorys tate londut not finished your Examination into the Panama Factorys late Conduct
Conduct of the Lawl Factors Conduct of the [Laua] Factors
so as to be able to lay it befor us in a Clear Light, but had reseived it so as to be able to lay it before us in a Clear Light, but had reserved it
till you could state the whole to us, which we are Expecting with till you could [state] the whole to us, which we are Expecting with
some Impatience, being not able to Settle that Factory in the way some Impatience; being not able to Settle that Factory in the way
we propose of turning them into a House upon Commission in lieu we propose of turning them into a House upon Commission in lieu
a Coms haud intended a [Coms] [haud] intended
of Sallary till we know the true State of the Factory and the of Sallary, till we know the true State of the Factory and the
Characters Characters.