frmnrly Conpley by the Fetory But is he omn ns agpented by the formerly Employed by the Factory But is he never was appointed by the
Company and s Marres to a Native of that Iland, and is a Roman Cithelick Company and s Married to a Native of that Inland, and is a Roman [Cathelick]
himself You are Sensitle th Contrary to the Tenour of Your standing nstuchons himself You are Sensible to Contrary to the [Tenoury] of Your standing instructions
and the he was Englans before the late Kupture, now had bena God Oppertunt and tho be was Employ before the late Kupture, now had been a Good Opportunity
of Deguting one ormore from Your Lelors, if it had been Necessary For it ds of[ Deguting] one or more from Your Selves, if it had been Necessary For it does
not sem to the that You have much to so at Corthagena Nor do We think St. not seem to the that You have much to do at Corthagena Nor do We think of.
Pay de Cutte a place of such Importance by what We have hitherto found as Payo de Cutte a place of such Importance by what We have hitherto found as
Deverves the Expence of a Factory and te firct has ben a Corr Candistine Deverves the Expence of a Factory and the first has been a Corr Candistine
Deade instead of being of Service to the Company One Instancewhereof you Deades instead of being of Service to the Company are Instance whereof you
have given te in an Adenture of Sugar and Tobacco, Stipd by this Factory have given [this] in an Adenture of Sugar and Tobacco, Shiped by this Factory
on the Barbara Capt. Soran for yrun place which happening to be Lort on the Barbara Capt. Soran for years place which happening to be Lost
for their Orn proper Account, And if what Mr Harwood who was their for their Own proper Account, And if what Mr Harwood who was their
Boskheeper and Tund Out in Mr Daleels Arrival, wrote Us from Carthagna Bookekeeper and Turnd Out in Mr Daleels Arrival, wrote Us from Carthagena
y Sep. 1722. be Tre, lath Mr. Walth and Mr. Dabell hav been ierquinte 14 Sep. 1722. be True, both Mr. Walsh and Mr. Dabell have been very much
to blame in other parts of their Conduct to blame in other parts of their Conduct
Wo r hen lte fon he n e e ete We  have Received letters from them in Relationto the Adventure
which take nonstice of what passd betwen you and them relating thirto, but which take no notice of what passd betwen you and them relating thereto, but
requaent tts that these sugars were Recoved from the Reprisalia and that required ? that these Sugars were Recoved from the [Reprisalia] and that
they has before shipl anther parcell of Twenty Som Chets on a Koop they has before shiped another parcell of Twenty Seven Checks on a [sloop]
lall the Peyars which was sold to God Meantage at Your Place lall the [Plagariro] which was sold to Good Advantage at Your Place
which te cannot ceencle with what you Adorice Usin Gours of the which te cannot reconcile with what you Advice Us in years of the