will be seen at One View in the Balance and will check the pheulae will be seen at One View in the Balance and will check the Pticular
Accounts. Accounts.
4th Weobserve in Leidge B. that you skip'd of 30 Regroes 4th We observe in Ledger B. that you ship'd off 30 negroes
(belonging to the George Augustus 1. & 2d Voyage) for St Sagode (belonging to the George Augustus 1st. & 2d Voyage) for St Jago de
Cuba: but are supprized to find you have made no Tournal Entry Cuba: but are supprized to find you have made no Journal Entry
of them, nor charged Our agents at luba with the number sent. of them, nor charged Our agents at Cuba with the number sent.
We expect youl take Purticular care to Rectify this mistabe We expect you'l take Particular care to Rectify this mistake
always charging them with the number you so export. always charging them with the number you so export.
5t We note that you credit Igracis Sancher de mora Our 5th We note that you credit Ignacio Sanchez de mora Our
Serivener for Several Tees 440 ps s. Serivener for Several Fees 440 ps 8/8.
We cannot conceive why you allow him a Salary of We cannot conceive why you allow him a Salary of
$300. p ann. Teeing he is paid for all business he transacts for us $300. [$ann.] Seeing he is paid for all business he transacts for us
your reasons for so doing. We expect in your next Letters your reasons for so doing. We expect in your next Letters
6th In the Accounts of Charges of Merchandize of the Bedfords Cargre We 6th In the Accounts of Charges of Merchandize of the Bedford's Cargoe We
find you paid the Packer on the 29th March 174. 1f ppr for Packing) find you paid the Packer on the 29th March 1714. 1 $ P Ps for Packing)
Colhleter Days and on the 4th March 127. 6r. ppr And that you Geneally Colchester Bays and on the 4^th March 1717. [6r. ppr] and that you Generally
expend 8 or to p p month in Candles for Warchouse. We expend 8 or [1$] month in Candles for Warehouse. We
apprehend these Charges to be large and recomend to you a fingal apprehend these Charges to be large and recomend to you a frugal
management of ye lapines. management of yo.^r Expences.
The Snvoice of Tustick of the Bedford Royal a frie 7th The Invoices of Fustick P the Bedford Royal Africa
and Sloop Speedwell are wanting) which you must take care to and Sloop Speedwell are wanting which you must take care to
send & first Conveyance. send & first Conveyance.
If in the Artile of £9301 If be forementioned for House If in the Article of $9301 beforementioned for House
keeping, there be any sums expended for the Companys Senvice keeping, there be any sums expanded for the Companys Service
on yor first establishment. Adeise us what they are with the on yor first establishment advise us what they are with the
Cartieater Particulars