a Trade in which the Island finds more benefit than our Selves, and a Trade in which the Island finds more benefit than our Selves, and
if the King on whom We are to attend this Weck gives hs no releif we shall if the King on whom We are to attend this Weck gives us no releif we shall
set about to consider how to earry on the Trade without coming within their set about to consider how to carry on the Trade without coming within their
reach reach
There reasons have already induced ts to put Our Pactory at the There reasons have already induced us to put Our factory at the
Hevana under the Drect of rwnt Stavana under the Direction of Mr Woodbridge Our agent at Barbadoes Havana under the Direction of Mr Woodbridge Our agent at Barbadoes
And have ordered the ships we are sending) out this Season to touch at And have ordered the ships we are sending) out this Season to touch at
Barbadoes instead of Samaica. We remain Barbadoes instead of jamaica. We remain
Yor Loving Friends the Court of Yo^r Loving Friends the Court of
Directors of the South sea Company Directors of the South sea Company
Sa Oateman SubGed In Boteman SubGov^r
Henry Durley Henry Durley
Tawl Lawbridge Jacob Lawbridge
Robt Chester Ro^t Chester
Theod: Sanssen Theod: Sanssen
George laswall George laswall
& Raymond & Raymond
Charles Soye Charles Soye
John Fellowes John Fellowes
Sam Readl Sam Reade
Wm. Chapman W^m. Chapman
P Felaporte P^r Delaporte
Daniel Hays Daniel Hays
R. Horsey R^D. Horsey
Jacob Jacobren Jacob Jacobren
Tho Reynolds. Tho Reynolds.
Jno Blunt Jn^o Blunt
Sam Shepheard Dept. Sam Shepheard Dept.
Sent with the above Letter Sent with the above Letter
Copy of the last Copy of the last
Letter to Cuba Letter to Cuba
South Sea house. South Sea house.
London 31 Octob 1717 London 31st Octob 1717
Messrs John Lumberlege Mesrs John Cumberlege
& Peter Walsh & Peter Walsh
Yrs of the 7th April from St. Tago delaber Yrs of the 7th April from St. Jago de Cuba.
We reied the 10th July By which and by the Letters from Our burtha We recied the 10th July By which and by the Letters from Our cartha
Factory and their Instructions to you We perceive the reasons which Factory and their Instructions to you We perceive the reasons which
siduced them to and you thither induced them to and you thither
We note your being admitted upon giving a Regale of $100. We note your being admitted upon giving a Regale of $200.
and that you had named the Govern. Judge Consero at a Salary of $300 and that you had named the Governr Judge Conserv^tor at a Salary of $300
We hope you will take care that the Services he does us will be anncroble We hope you will take care that the Services he does us will be answerable]
We have reced from Our Carkagena Factory And We have reced from Our Carthagena Factory Acct
of Sales of the 40. Regroes you carred from theme and are pleane of Sales of the 40 Negroes you carried from thence and are pleased
with the good Markets you find and approve yor remitting to with the good Markets you find and approve yor remitting to
that that