We have considered the Extract you sent us of a Letter from Casthe We have considered the Extract you sent us of a Letter from Cartha.
relating to freighting a ship of about 150 Tune for luba to take in Sugan relating to freighting a ship of about 150 Tuns for Cuba to take in Sugar
forladig. We have also a setter from Our Agents these advising the for Cadiz. We have also a letter from Our Agents these advising the
same, and are of opinion to make experiment of such an adveature, same, and are of opinion to make experiment of such an adventure,
and now write them thereupon by the inclosed Letter which you will and now write them thereupon by the inclosed Letter which you will
forward pffirst not via Carthagena We having sent the original forward of first not via Carthagena We having sent the original
that way. You will therefore when they shall advice you here such a that way. You will therefore when they shall advice you here such a
ship on the best Terms youcan to proceed toluba and when Loaded ship on the best Terms you can to proceed to Cuba and when Loaded
there to proceed to cady as she shall be Consigned, and send by her such there to proceed to cadiz as she shall be Consigned, and send by her such
a Quantity of Negroes as they shall write for a Quantity of Negroes as they shall write for
We comend your care in discovering Several of our Negroes We comend yor care in discovering Several of our Negroes
taken out of the Royal a frica Captn. Foott by the Pyrates and your taken out of the Royal africa Captn. Foott by the Pyrates and your
Proceedings in order to recover them and note you having taken Proceedings in order to recover them and note you'l having taken
£35. forone of them rather than be at the Charge and Trouble of £35. for one of them rather than be at the Charge and Trouble of
a Law sist and are sorry you could not prevail with Captn. Poott to a Law suit and are sorry you could not prevail with Captn. Foott to
Leave any of his men to be evidence. By which means We are like to Leave any of his men to be evidence. By which means We are like to
loce the Benefit of this dicovery. but dont doubt your doing yo utmnort have the Benefit of this dicovery. but don't doubt your doing yor utmost
for Our Service in Endeavouring to recover tem for Our Service in Endeavouring to recover them
We note what you have writ concerning the duity imposed on We note what you have writ concerning the duty imposed on
Our hegroes and your fear that the Present assembly may continue Our negroes and your fear that the Present assembly may continue
the old one or Lay a greater: We have reneived our application by the old one or Lay a greater: We have received our application by
way of Petition to the King in Council and hope the same will way of Petition to the King in Council and hope the same will
have a good Offect concerning which we shall advice you. In have a good effect. concerning which we shall advice you. In
the meantime you will continue the necessary precautions to the meantime you will continue the necessary precautions to
word the said duty. word the said duty.
By experience We find that the People of Jamaica are By experience We find that the People of Jamaica are
set againit the Company and will do themall the diservice they set against the Company and will do them all the diservice they
can and constrain us thereby to seek for other means to supply can and constrain us thereby to seek for other means to supply
the Spanich Coast with negroes, than by way of that Island wth the Spanish Coast with negroes, than by way of that, Island wch
the desire youl let them know and do all that is in GolPower the desire you'l let them know and do all that is in yor Power
to oppose their Paping another act for the Duties the next year to oppose their Passing another act for the Duties the next year
Since We cannot duspense with so great a Tax laid upon us for Since We cannot dispense with so great a Tax laid upon us for