many more as caube Louded on board her of which Letter inclosed is copy many more as can be Loaded on board her of which Letter inclosed is copy
Since which are safely arrived here the Windsor Galley Captn. Townsend Since which are safely arrived here the Windsor Galley Captn. Townsend
with 6603 hides And the Sazal GalleyCast Bloome with 7000 Hides on with 6003 hides And the Sarah Galley Capt Bloome with 7000 Hides on
board which last Dr Dovel is sofely Chrived. We have reced yor Letters of the board which last Dr Dovel is safely Arrived. We have recced yr Letters of the
22 Febry & 11th Sept. Mr Thruppes Letter of the 30th August & t Sept 28Th Febry & 11th Sept. Mr Thruppes Letter of the 30th August & 12 Sept
and another from Mr Paul Aylward of the 13th Sept last with the seocral and another from Mr Paul Aylward of the 13th Sept last with the several
Invoices Books Papers & accounts mentioned to come with them. Invoices Books Papers & accounts mentioned to come with them.
(The Hides by the Windsor were in a very Bad condition. above half of The Hides by the Windsor were in a very: Bad condition. above half of
them Damaged and a great many of them worth little ornothing and ab them Damaged and a great many of them worth little or nothing and abt
800 rotted into Snall Peites which damages We beleeve were reced by the 800 rotted into Snall Peices which damages We beleive were reced by the
ship. Those by the Sarah Galley are not yet delivered so that We ship. Those by the Sarah Galley are not yet delivered so that We
cannot acquaint youwith the Quality of them cannot acquaint you with the Quality of them
you are always to take care. Pursuant to Our Former Directions, You are always to take care. Pursuant to Our Former Directions,
That the Hrder youscad us are well cared & close sterved, and that the That the Hides you send us are well cured & close served, and that the
Hold of the ship se entirely reserved to the Companys use according to Hold of the ship so entirely reseived to the Companys use according to --
Charterparty and that the ship be tight and fit to bring en home Charterparty and that the ship be tight and fit to bring en home
without damage. without damage.
(thys comes of the crown Galley Capt. Lone which is taken up for This comes & the Crown Galley Captn. Lone which is taken up for
350 Negroes, and tobring home 800o hides, as o copy of his Contract here 350 Negroes, and to bring home 8000 Hides, as P copy of his Contract here
inclosed inclosed.
We shall also in a few days dispatch the ship Arabelle for We shall also in a few days dispatch the ship Arabelle for
Madagasear for 250 Negroes to be delivered at yor Port, copy of Madagascar for 250 Negroes to be delivered at yor Port, copy of
our agreement with the owners of said ship you have also herewith our agreement with the owners of said ship you have also herewith
Arabella will soon be dispatcht
But as these ships are both on their Departure. We shall defer But as these ships are both on their Departures. We shall defer
answering your Letters at Large till the next ship which is the Wrighty answering your Letters at Large till the next ship which is the Wright.
Galley Capt. Spelt who will depart in about 3 Weeks time Galley Captn. Spelt who will depart in about 3 Weeks time
T General Weaporore of yor Procedings. In General We approve of yor Procedings.
Yo Billsor 1200 pd E 1n favour of yor Govern Dr Bruno Ladala Yo^r Bill for 1200[ ] 3/8 in favour of yo^r Govern^r Dr Bruno Ladala
on accounts of his Salary has been Presented to us and will be paid when on accounts of his Salary has been Presented to us and will be paid when
due The ledulas mentioned in Mr Thruppes Letter. Ac shall due The Cedulas mentioned in M^r Thruppes Letter. We shall
endeavour to obtain and as any of them are Procured will transmit them endeavour to obtain and as any of them are Procured will transmit them
W3 W3