vfo, the when the Chare cane on he went acny, and left the Cout refer, the when the Choice came on, he went away, and left the Court.
Asto the Cmpty ship for Buenas Ayres, you may fase your Aslo the Empty ship for Buenas Ayres, you may  Cease your
:bllicitation on that Stead, the Great Quantity of Itides we had by us a :Sollicitation on that Stead, the Great Quantity of Tides we had by us at
the Time twas first ashd, being now reduced by the Provision of Siping ated the Time twas first wh'd, being now reduced by the Provision of Shiping along
sent out and taken up. If you cauld procure us a Register ship with sent out and taken up. If you cauld procure us a Register ship with
goods it night be worth asking. For you he weare so corfull of obering goods it night be worth asking. For you will  see we are so carefull of observing
the Articles of the Asvuento that we make he indirect advantage of our the Articles of the Assiento that we make no indirect advantage of our
for Ship the Johin Frigate Capt. Jamues Leany now en her departure form Store Ship the John Frigate Capt. James Lease now on her departure form
this Port for Buena Ayres with Naval yother Aores and Necesary of t this Port for Buena Ayres with Naval & other Stores and Necessarys ( A
Account of whare Cargo is inclased which youl deliver in to the Council Account of whare Cargo is inclosed) which youl deliver in to the Council
of Indies pursuant to the 34th. Article of the Assiento of Indies pursuant to the 34th. Article of the Assiento
Weare We are
Your Affectionate trn Your Affectionate Friends
The Courtay Directon The Court of Directors
Rect own'd 10th Jant 1723 Rec^t own'd 10^th Ja^y 1723/4
Noth Michlethwait Noth Michlethwaite
John Cyles Sub Gov John Cyles Sub Gov^r
Wm Brooke W^m Brooke
John Kedlge Dept y John Rigde Dept Gov
Saml Jones Sam^l Jones
Cdmrs. Halsey Edm^d. Halsey
Jas Osborne Ja^s Osborne
Robt Wood Rob^t Wood
Joo. Nicol Jr^o. Nicol
Richd Tophins Rich^d Hopkins
Saml Clarke Sam^l Clarke
T. Girardot de Tellin J. Girardot de Telling
Thos Gearing Tho^s Gearing
Thos Perrst Tho^s. Pearse
Thos Ayles Tho^s Ayles
Rogr Andson Rog^r Hudson
Thos Cross Tho^s Cross
Saml Pitt Sam^ Pitt
Robt Michel Rob^t Michel
Gabl Roberts Gab^l Roberts
Jas Mehcalf Ja^s Metcalf
Ler Lane bound for your lot Pritly Aos Oere of the 10t Fan sep site Cap^t Parse ,bound for your port Directly As One of the 150 turn ships wit
To Robert Coss Edqr. President and the n To Robert Coss Esqr. President and the rest
of the Factory of the Royal Britsh of the Factory of the Royal British
Assinto Company at Buina Ayris Assiento Company at Buena Ayres
Gaul. Gentn
Inclondisfor yof Cr lat of the 5t e f h e ig Inclosed is Copy of last of the 15th  Novr. of John Frigate
Ler Lane bound for your lot Pritly Aos Oere of the 10t Fan sep site Cap^t Parse ,bound for your port Directly As One of the 150 turn ships wit