veralruz, and are glad to hear you don't doubt of Success, and refer vera Cruz, and are glad to hear you don't doubt of Success, and refer
to the Directions We have already given you on that head. to the Directions We have already given you on that head.
We have in Several former Letters given you directions to We have in Several former Letters given you directions to
endeavour to obtain his CMs order for some Person or Persons here to endeavour to obtain his CMs order for some Person or Persons here to
measure our annual ship now building that hee Tunage mag be certified measure our annual ship now building that hee Tunage mag be certified
to the King of Spain. that thereupon His Majcsty may in case the does to the King of Spain. that thereupon His Majcsty may in case the does
not exceed the 650 Tuns allowed by the late Convention as We are sure not exceed the 650 Tuns allowed by the late Convention as We are sure
she does not, be admitted in the Spanish West Indies without Deing she does not, be admitted in the Spanish West Indies without Deing
subject to Readmeasurement of her or her Cargoe without Intervention subject to Readmeasurement of her or her Cargoe without Intervention
of Governours. Royal Officers. Admirals or others whomsoever, but of Governours. Royal Officers. Admirals or others whomsoever, but
find by your last Letter you have yet done nothing it it, but that find by your last Letter you have yet done nothing it it, but that
You are how forming a Memorial thereupon. This We must the You are how forming a Memorial thereupon. This We must the
more carnestly press for because the Chevalies Con has acquainted us more carnestly press for because the Chevalies Con has acquainted us
that hee is not empower'd to measure the ship, but has Instructions that hee is not empower'd to measure the ship, but has Instructions
to measure Mark. Number & Seal the measurable and to weigh the to measure Mark. Number & Seal the measurable and to weigh the
weighable Goods to be laden on boarther and send his Certificates weighable Goods to be laden on boarther and send his Certificates
with them of his having so done with the Particulars of the said with them of his having so done with the Particulars of the said
admeasurement. But rofuseth to give us copies of such his Instructions admeasurement. But rofuseth to give us copies of such his Instructions
nor can he assure us that his said measurement shall be final, and not nor can he assure us that his said measurement shall be final, and not
subject to be remeasured again in the Spanish West Indies, which cannot subject to be remeasured again in the Spanish West Indies, which cannot
but occasion a great delay in Loading the ship here, even so as to prevent but occasion a great delay in Loading the ship here, even so as to prevent
her voyage in time and may also expose her largoe to many inconveniency her voyage in time and may also expose her largoe to many inconveniency
and delays, if not to very great damages and costs on her arrival in and delays, if not to very great damages and costs on her arrival in
the West Indies and most likely to the Loss of the Sale of the Goods at the West Indies and most likely to the Loss of the Sale of the Goods at
the next Fair of Portobelo. Since every Parcel or Bale gives to the next Fair of Portobelo. Since every Parcel or Bale gives to
avaricious Officers so many occasions of exceptions & contentions, wch avaricious Officers so many occasions of exceptions & contentions, wch
to remove will cost the Company more than they are willing to expass to remove will cost the Company more than they are willing to expass
Besides which his Cm has in the ledula for the Royal Prince only Besides which his Cm has in the ledula for the Royal Prince only
directed the measurement of the ship but not the goods. directed the measurement of the ship but not the goods.
Wherefore We require you will in the first place try to get Wherefore We require you will in the first place try to get
copy notonly of what Instructions and Powers the said Dr William now copy notonly of what Instructions and Powers the said Dr William now
hath from his Court for managing himself in his Office and of all hath from his Court for managing himself in his Office and of all
New New