yor ormr uyardis Letters that the andoanes have bee demanded by way of yo.^rs or M.^r Uzardis Letters that these ordoances have been demanded by way of
right, but only as a matter of Grace. right, but only as a matter of Grace.
As to the lockineal & c which you are informed our Oira luy to the Cochineal & c which you are informed our Vera Cruz
Sactory shipdouboard the Flota, We have had no manner of advice of it but Factory ship'd on board the Flota, We have had no manner of advice of it but,
Whether it be for the Companys or their own Accot. We should be glad it were Whether it be for the Companys or their own Acco.^t We should be glad it were
secured from the dangers of a cupture and refer it to you to take such secured from the Dangers of a Rupture and refer it to you to take such
measures for that end as yousee proper and advise us a bout it. measures for that end as you see proper and advise us a bout it.
We have reed a Letter from Mr Rupel of Cadiz advising his We have recd a Letter from M.^r Russel of Cadiz advising his
rect of a Packet from that Factory which he has forwarded to us by See, but rec.^t of a Packet from that Factory which he has forwarded to us by Sea, but
the ship is not yet arrived. These Letter in all Probability may give by the ship is not yet arrived. There Letter in all Probability may give us
some accot of that matter. We are some acco.^t of that matter. We are
Yor Loving Frends The Yo.^r Loving Frends The
Comrs. of Conespondence Com.^ee of Correspondence
Wm Chapmun W.^m Chapman
Robert Cheiter Robert Chester
Jno Sellowes Jn.^o Fellowes
Jnc Blunt Jn.^o Blunt.
Ansu 240t 718 Answ.^d 24 Oct.^r 1718
Mr. Warde M.^r Uzardi
Douth Seahouse 4 Sept. 1718 South Sea house 4 Sept: 1718
D. Sr
We have reced yor Letter of the 22d Ults whereu We have reced yo.^r Letter of the 22.^th Ult.^o wherein
You Aequaint us that you had advanced to Dr. Manuel D. Silsa one of You Acquaint us that you had advanced to .^r Manuel D.^r Silsa one of
the Ministers of the Punte 200 p 3 on Accot of his Salary due the 1t the Ministers of the Junta 200 ps 8/8 on acco.^t of his Salary due the 1st,
of November next which for thes time from the grod opinion the Court of of November next which for this time, from the good opinion the Court of
Directore have of yor good Intentions therein for the Company's Lere Directors have of yo.^r good Intentions therein for the Company's Service
thought fit to allow and have given you Credit for he same: Horoever they have thought fit to allow and have given you Credit for the same; However
Excuable this Ractice of anticipating Salaries may be at a time, when Excusable this Practice of anticipating Salaries may be at a time, when
our affairs are Cun. You must be sensible it cannot be prudent our affairs are Curr.t You must be sensible it cannot be prudent
orsate to do it at thes Tuncture when our Annuel ship has been detained or safe to do it at this Juncture, when our annual ship has been detained
ad an dppearence of top to all our otheraffairs, neither can We thind and an appearance of^a Stop to all our other affairs, neither can We think
it can with ceason be expected. We deire you will therefore for the it can with reason be expected, We desire you will therefore for the
future future