We are Surprized to find that notwithstanding the Assurances you We are Surprized to find that notwithstanding the Assurances you
had that in Case our Panama Factory could succeed in negotiating a liceue had that in Case our Panama Factory could succeed in negotiating a licence
to Introduce the Goods there would be nodifficulty) on your side. Yet to Introduce the Goods there would be no difficulty on your side. Yet
how all these assurances are come to nothing and have been ophe how all these assurances are come to nothing and have been of no
other service thanto put us to Inconveniences and charges. This liage other service than to put us to Inconveniences and charges. This wage
t the moreunkind for that the Comerce of yor Ptace Nounderstand in the more unkind for that the Comerce of yor. Place we understand
have granted that Permission in favour of Exchevers and is of a Peve have granted that Permission in favour of Excheuers and is of a Peice
with all the Treatment We have hitherto met with at Carth? however with all the Treatment We have hitherto met with at Cartha  however
We have it last Procured from his lath Majesty a Cedulae for that We have it last Procured from his Cath Majesty a Cedula for that
Purpose, which will come under cover to you by this Conveyance Purpose: which will come under cover to you by this Conveyance -
from our Sactors at Jamaica, which you will put in Execution uedate from Our Factors at Jamaica, which you will put in Execution imediate:
:ly. We have writ hereupon to our Factors at Samaica & Paname :ly. We have writ hereupon to Our Factors at jamaica & Panama
for freighting a ship for that Surpose for freighting a ship for that Purpose-
By Mr Bumpteds aforesaid Letter We are advised that upon By M.^r Bumpsted's aforesaid Letter We are advised that upon
his having notice that the Governmt of Carthagena would not his having notice that the Governm.^t of Carthagena would not -
Permit the Goods to be transported by Vertue of the President of Permit the Goods to be transported by Vertue of the President of
Panamas Licence he did not think oper to freight a vessel wch Panama's Licence he did not think ^proper to freight a vessel w.^ch
We approve We approve.
As this Affair then sood and the Herbert coming to yous As this Affair then sood and the Herbert coming to you so
opportunely you ought to have endeavoured at an agreement with the opportunely you ought to have endeavoured at an agreement with the
Comandr eventho yougave an Extraordinary freight which we cant Comandr eventho' you gave an Extraordinary freight which we can't
find you attempted. You only alledge his Chaiterparty was out. find you attempted. You only alledge his Chaiterparty was out.
We have reced Mr Pyn’s Validation of the Bond Mr Wood gave We have reced Mr Pym’s Validation of the Bond Mr Wood gave
at his admission to indemn ify the Governour and Royal offices and to bring at his admission to indemnify the Governour and Royal offices and to bring
his C. M. appobation and shall write to Spain for such aledula of his C. M. approbation and shall write to Spain for such a Cedula of
Approbation as you desire Approbation as you desire
We pote yor having reced of the Herbert the cuch & Chairs We Note yor having reced of the Herbert the couch & Chairs
and Stationary Ware, but wonder the mall books are not come which and Stationary Ware, but wonder the Small books are not come which
We knew nothing of yor wanting them till you mentioned them to us in We knew nothing of yo.^r wanting them till you mentioned them to us in
the Letter We now answer. We shall give directions for Providing some the Letter We now answer. We shall give directions for Providing some
tho' You don't say what number tho' You don't say what number
We We