to Madred with the necessary directions to our Agents for getting the Sentence to Madrid with the necessary directions to our Agents for getting the Sentence
ratify'd. and when finished shall advice the Cartlagena. Factory and you ratify'd. and when finished shall advice the Carthagena. Factory and you
We understand the Duties for the said negroes amd to 1157 p4h We understand the Duties for the said negroes amo to 1157 $ 4h 1/4 
for 34 ½/2 pd India have been made good to the King's Chest at Carthagena so for 34 3/4 ps India have been made good to the King's Chest at Carthagena so
We have writ to Madred to Our agents to take care We be not charged We have writ to Madrid to Our agents to take care We be not charged
there with the said Duties there with the said Duties.
We apperove your bringing Garvey the French Factor to Acct We approve your bringing Garvey the French Factor to Acct
for the Regroes he introduced since May 1713. being 25 Regives making) for the Negroes he introduced since May 1713. being 25 Negroes making
9 pd India and your compounding it with him for 1000 p T he tepoy 9 ps India and your compounding it with him for 1000 ps  8/8. he to pay 
the King's duties being 300 p more which was all you could get. Will the King's duties being 300 $ more which was all you could get. Will
it not be necessary that you send to Certificates that the said Duties are it not be necessary that you send to Certificates that the said Duties are
paid in order to our accounting with the King of Spain. te approve paid in order to our accounting with the King of Spain. we approve
the reasons yougive for defersing to publish the Indulto, and observe that yo. the reasons you give for deferring to publish the Indulto, and observe that yor.
Geo is expecting the R. of Spains Comrs for Indulting Negroes Illicitly Govr is expecting the K of Spains Comn for Indulting Negroes Illicitly
Introduced in the French's time which may be of Disadvantage to us Introduced in the French's time which may be of Disadvantage to us,
unless We procure a General Cedule of Indulto as you recomend, which unless We procure a General Cedula of Indulto as you recomend, which
We are endeavouring at and in a little time youl know the Result. We are endeavouring at and in a little time you'l know the Result.
You complain of the Prize Negroes being Congos and apt to run You complain of the Prize Negroes being Congos and apt to run
away youl caution against any being sent you of that sort. away you'l caution against any being sent you of that sort.
He note yor having Imployed a Doctor at 80 P p Ann, and he to He note yor having Imployed a Doctor at 80 $ P Am, and he to
find Medicines and a Servt to look after the Negroes at 100 P which the find Medicines and a Servt to look after the Negroes at 100 $ which the
approve of. And that the Carthagena Factory had not named approve of. And that the Carthagena Factory had not named
Mr Walsh's salary but refer it to us. You should have given us Mr Walsh's salary but refer it to us. You should have given us
some hint what he expects for our Government. for want of which some hint what he expects for our Government. for want of which
We give Our opinion you may allow him from 5 a 600. Po Ann. if We give Our opinion you may allow him from 5 at 600. $ P Annm. if
you find he deserves it. you find he deserves it.
We nete the best of Ueroes in yo. Place 150 £200 & And We note the vent of Negroes in yor. Place 150 @ 200 $ P Annm
and that you could sell much more in Barter for Sugars and Tobacco and that you could sell much more in Barter for Sugars and Tobacco
and have considered what you propose as to giving Orders to Our and have considered what you propose as to giving Orders to Our
agents at Jamaica on you advice to send you a ship of about 150 twr agents at Jamaica on yor advice to send you a ship of about 150 tuns
to be Loaded with Sugars for our account and sent to ladiz, and to be Loaded with Sugars for our account and sent to Cadiz, and
being desirious from the encouragement yougive us to make such an being desirious from the encouragement yougive us to make such an
adventure, do now give directions to our agents at Jamaica. That on adventure, do now give directions to our agents at Jamaica. That on
Your advice they hire such aship on the best Terms they can and sene Your advice they hire such a ship on the best Terms they can and send
you