Margaritas and all other Islands & Places within those Limits Margaritas and all other Islands & Places within those Limits
And Likewise St Augustine on the shore of Flondla and the And Likewise St Augustine on the shore of Florida and the
Spanish coast between the River Nicorago and the City of Spanish coast between the River Nicorago and the City of
Campeachy both River & City Inclusive with power to Mark all Campeachy both River & City Inclusive with power to Mark all
negroes to Seized confiscated or Indutted and to give thenccessary negroes so Seized confiscated or Indulted and to give the neccessary
Certificates and Dupatches concerning the same. copy of which Certificates and Dispatches concerning the same. copy of which
last mentioned Power also you have herewith. And for the bittle last mentioned Power also you have herewith. And for the better
enabling the said Mr Woodbridge to transact our affairs with enabling the said Mr Woodbridge to transact our affairs with
success. We have delivered to him several cedulas & circular Letters success. We have delivered to him several cedulas & circular Letters
from the King of Spain to his Governony in the Indies which he is from the King of Spain to his Governers  in the Indies which he is
accordingly to present: And whereas We have put the Factoriy at accordingly to present: And where we have put the Factories at
the Havana & St Tago de Cuba under the Care and management of the Havana & St Jago de Cuba under the Care and management of
the said Mr Woodbridge. Heis to supply the same as also all the the said Mr Woodbridge. He is to supply the same as also all the
Island of Cuba, with such Negroes. Stores & Provisions as the said Island of Cuba, with such Negroes. Stores & Provisions as the said
Factories shall from time to time write for, or as he in his Factories shall from time to time write for, or as here in his
discretion shall think may be there sold to advantage oruited. discretion shall think may be there sold to advantage or used
You are to take notice, that in case any Person toking You are to take notice, that in case any Person taking
out a Luence with Ciberty of Transporting the Puints of the out a Licence with Liberty of Transporting the Fruits of the
Country as aforesaid cannot sell his Negroes at the Particular Country as aforesaid cannot sell his Negroes at the Particular
Port or Ports Limitted by his Licence, In such case the Licenced Port or Ports Limitted by his Licence, In such case the Licenced
Persons may carry the Negroes, or so many as he cannot sell at Persons may carry the Negroes, or so many as he cannot sell at
such PPort or Ports to any other Ports of the Spanish West Indies such Port or Ports to any other Ports of the Spanish West Indies
where the Company have Factors residing, and sell them to the where the Company have Factors residing, and sell them to the
said Factors for account of the Company at the Prie of 125 p said Factors for account of the Company at the Price of 125 $
pp. of India- according as the same shall be regulated by the p ps. of India- according as the same shall be regulated by the
Spanish Royal Officers there, which Negroes you are to take Spanish Royal Officers there, which Negroes you are to take
and pay for accordingly giving such Person a Certificate thereof and pay for accordingly giving such Person a Certificate thereof
in order to Mr Woodbridges paying him back the Indulte money in order to Mr Woodbridges paying him back the Indulto money
he paid for the Regroes so sold. he paid for the Negroes so sold.
You are also to take Notice that every loop or You are also to take Notice that every loop or
Vipel Vessel 