Concerning Merchandire Concerning Merchandise
We hope the London by which He wrote our last and il We hope the London by which We wrote our last and w.^ch
sailed hence the 3th March will safely arrive, and that the Carthogena sailed hence the 3^th March will safely arrive, and that the Carthagena
Factory (to whom the now write) have taken the proper measures puart Factory (to whom We now write) have taken the proper measures [puart]
to Our Directions for transporting the Bedfords Goods to Portolelo= to Our Directions for transporting the Bedfords Goods to Portolelo
according to the King of Spains Cedula, and that you have also pursued according to the King of Spain's Cedula, and that you have also pursued
Our Directions in the Sales & Returne, that they may be as large a sposible Our Directions in the Sales & Returns, that they may be as large as possible
This being a ship of Force & Countenance This being a ship of Force & Countenance
We are glad to hear by yours of the 20th. January that We are glad to hear by yours of the 20^th. January that
One million [of] were come down and that more was daily expected to 
be Imployed in said Goods which We hope they have done or will do be Imployed in said Goods which We hope they have done or will do
accordingly. accordingly.
We shall observe your further advices you give in yor We shall observe your further advices you give in yo.^r
of the 20th January with regard to the Cargoe by the next Annual of the 20^th January with regard to the Cargoe by the next Annual
Ship Ship
We note that the Prior & Consuls of the Comerce at Lima We note that the Prior & Consuls of the Comerce at Lima
had presented Several Memorials to the Vice King to Prohibit Our had presented Several Memorials to the Vice King to Prohibit Our
Annual ships Goods being Imported there except came with the Annual ships Goods being Imported there except came with the
Galleons, thy is likewise what Mr Bowles writes has been Galleons, this is likewise what M^r Bowles writes has been
insinuated in madred but is so contradictory to the 12t Art of the insinuated in madrid but is so contradictory to the 12^d art of the
Assients of the Late Convention, that there will be no Stop on that Assiento of the Late Convention, that there will be no Stop on that
Account. Account.
This Leads us to acquaint you that We have Built a ship on This Leads us to acquaint you that We have Built a ship on
Purpose for our annual ship in like manner as that which is gone Purpose for our annual ship in like manner as that which is gone
to verulur. she was Launched the 22d March last and named the to veru Cruz she was Launched the 22^th March last and named the
One on the part of the King of Spain: And the other on the part of One on the part of the King of Spain: And the other on the part of
the Company, in the Presence of hu C.M. Director for the the Company, in the Presence of his C.M. Director for the
affairs of the assients residing here. A Certificate whereof has affairs of the assiento residing here. A Certificate whereof has
been transmited to Madred, by which she amounts to 630 5 Tuns been transmited to Madrid, by which she amounts to 630 1/3 Tuns
which being within the 650 tuns allowed us by the Convention, which being within the 650 tuns allowed us by the Convention,
We are aboutgetting a ledula for her admission in the Spanish ta We are about getting a cedula for her admission in the Spanish West
Indies Indies