172 172
Letter I find is come to Your Hands, after which they wiste You Letter I find is come to Your Hands, after which they write You_
the 23 Jany 1723 of the Essers Capt. Smith, the 21 Feby 1720 fo the the 23 Janry 1723 p the Essex Capt Smith, the 21 Feby 1723 of the
Livantire Capt. Thornas the fame Day of the Assents Capt. Ferad Levantine Capt Thomas the same Day of the Assiento Capt Tizzard,
by each of which were Sent Copys of the respective preceding Letter, by each of which were Sent Copys of the respective preceding Letter.
I am now to acquaint You with the Safe Arrival of I am now to acquaint You with the Safe Arrival of
the tendring the Sr. Quintin & John Frigate with yor Several Leter the Tendring the St Quintin & John Frigate with yor Several Letters
wt. the Court willfully answer by the Rudge Galley wt. they have wt. the Court will fully answer by the Rudge Galley wch they have
taken up as one of thei 150 Ton Ships & will be dispatcted about taken up as one of their 150 Ton Ships & will be dispatcted about
the Mudle of the next Month directly for Your Port the Middle of the next Month directly for Your Port.
This comes by the Easiffe Capt. Goldsborough prighted This comes by the Eariffe Capt Goldsborough freighted
fo Angole & Brenor Ayes for 444 egres of wo. Ships Contrat for Angola & Buenos Ayres for 444 Negroes of wch Ships Contract
enclosed is Copy for Your Government. I am inclosed is Copy for Your Government. I am
Gent. Gent
D.W D.W.
South Sea House South Sea House
London 20 Decr 1724 London 23 Decr 1724
Ausu 30 Sept. 1725 Answd 30 Sept. 1725.
Yor nost humbleserd Yor most humble Servt
Wess. Righy & Pratter Messrs Rigby & Pratter
Gent. Gentn
Mr Michd Haries Mercht in this City having ob taind the Mr Richd Harris Mercht in this City having obtaind the
K of Spains Codula for recovering a Debt due to him for Severallpar K. of Spains Cedula for recovering a Debt due to him for Several years
Concerving Mr Haris reguest at Ports Rico, applied to the Comps a little before they had lette the at Porto Rico, applied to the Compa a little before they had settled the
Lycenses from Your Island for a Liberty of importing a fer Reyie into Lycenses from Your Island for a Liberty of importing a few Negroes into
that Plaw from Barbadoes, that he night have an Expestunty o that Place from Barbadoes, that he might have an Opportunity of
Dly Sending