in exceution without Loss of time and saing it has been so carnetly recomute in exceution without Loss of time and seeing it has been so earnestly recomends
We hope it will be attended with good success. We hope it will be attended with good success.
We note yor having Indulted since yor last advice 11 pr India for which We note yor having Indulted since yor last advice 11 ps India for which
you have taken good security, which we approve. you have taken good security, which we approve.
We understand that Great Part of the Indults money at yor Pace is stills sadig We understand that Great Part of the Indulto money at yor Place is stills standing
out, and that you apprehend the King's duties will be demanded which you are to out, and that you apprehend the King's duties will be demanded which you are to
avoids paying if Pessible, for Weare assured the French never did it, the avoid paying if Possible, for We are assured the French never did it, the
Negroes they Inducted being allowed them in the number they were obliged Negroes they Indulted being allowed them in the number they were obliged
annuley to Furnish. But if notwithstanding all that you can do to annualey to Furnish. But if notwithstanding all that you can do to
avoid it, it be insisted on, let it be done by way of Deduction out of suck avoid it, it be insisted on, let it be done by way of Deduction out of such
moneys as the Royal coffers are indebted to us and take the Proper Receipts moneys as the Royal coffers are indebted to us and take the Proper Receipts
and transmit tols. and transmit to us.
As to the Principal Indulto on Blacks introduced before 1td May 1714 As to the Principal Indulto on Blacks introduced before 1st May 1714
Concerning which you say the loyal officers are of opinion that by Concerning which you say the Royal officers are of opinion that by
the New Convention Weare excluded any Benefit therefrom and_ the New Convention We are excluded any Benefit there from and--
consequently from the $16141: 7. deporited by the French Pactor, The consequently from the $16141: 7rs deposited by the French Factor, The
aforesaid General ledula of Indulto has cleared up that Point, So aforesaid General Cedula of Indulto has cleared up that Point, So
that you have nothing to do after receipt of said cedula, but to dend. that you have nothing to do after receipt of said cedula, but to demd.
the money which cannot be refused to be paid. The only Pretence for the money which cannot be refused to be paid. The only Pretence for
betaining if being setaude by said Cedula. We understand 14 slaves Detaining it being set aside by said Cedula. We understand 14 slaves
were manfested at St. Bento abad of which only 3024. being said were manifested at St. Benzto Abad of which only 3 or 4. being said
to be within our time the rest were told by the Royal officers for to be within our time the rest were sold by the Royal officers for
the ELing’s Account of which youl demand the Proceed of the Royd the King’s Account of which you'l demand the Proceed of the Royl 
officers by vertue of the aforesaid Cedula and on non pay ment persut officers by vertue of the aforesaid Cedula and on non payment transmit
us the Proper Authentick Testimony us the Proper Authentick Testimony
We note that upon Mr Garveys proving) that he had introduced We note that upon Mr Garveys proving that he had introduced
but 25 pegives after the French assecnts was adjudged to pay 1300 f by but 25 negroes after the French asseinto was adjudged to pay 1300 $ by
way of Composition, which is but a small One, besides you omit to way of Composition, which is but a small One, besides you omit to
tell us whether he has paid the Duties for these Negroes, if le tell us whether he has paid the Duties for these Negroes, if he --
has he should assign over his rec. to us that the may account with has he should assign over his rect to us that we may account with
the this