last of the Produce & Manifactures of yor boland with their Pries is not come last of the Produce & Manufactures of yor island with their Prices is not come
to hand, so you will Supply it by yor next. to hand, so you will Supply it by yor next.
We note yes having remitted of the Catherine Roop Pr Pagilton 10000 We note yo.^r having remitted & the Catherine sloop D^r Papillon 10000 &
and 20 Tume Logwood. But you omit to tell t where consigned or to send us and 20 Tum Logwood. But you omit to tell us where consigned or to send us
any Bill of Lading & Invoice which you are to take care to do by your any Bill of Lading & Invoice which you are to take care to do by your
next and always for the future. next and always for the future.
We obcerve you have by you upwoards of $30000. and that you hope We observe you have by you upwards of $30000. and that you hope
to beable to remit $40000. if a good opportunity offered As to yor making to be able to remit $40000. if a good opportunity offered As to yor making
returns We refer you to the Directions We gave you in Ours of the 30th returns We refer you to the Directions We gave you in Ours of the 30th
April last of which inclosed is copy and Expect youl use your utmost April last of which inclosed is copy and Expect you'l use your utmost
endeavours to make them as large as Possible. endeavours to make them as large as Possible.
We observe you have Imployed an Assistant; but before Rect. We observe you have Imployed an Assistant; but before Rect
of yors as we advised you. We had appointed an accountant and a writer
for yor Asitance. for yor Assistance.
We are Surprized to find yor advices of the 7st. August last We are Surprized to find yor advices of the 7th August last
wherein you gave us hopes of vending 1000 Negroes P ann. To soon_ wherein you gave us hopes of vending 1000 Negroes P ann. So soon
contraduted yo Letter of the 29 March acquainting us that upon contradicted yor Letter of the 29th March acquainting us that upon
Arrival of the Cakerine sloop from Barbadoes with 70 Negroes You Arrival of the Catherine sloop from Barbadoes with 70 Negroes You
found no vent for them. We approve yor writing) to Mr Woodbridge found no vent for them. We approve yor writing to Mr Woodbridge
from time to time for the Quantities & Qualities you want that you may from time to time for the Quantities & Qualities you want that you may
be Supplied in such a manner as that the Negroes may not Lye onass. be Supplied in such a manner as that the Negroes may not Lye on yor
hands after arrival and We hope that yor Sugar & Tobacco works will hands after arrival and We hope that yor Sugar & Tobacco works will
masport time meet with such encouragement as will occasion the Vent in a short time meet with such encouragement as will occasion the Vent
for negroes you formerly advices u. for negroes you formerly advised us.
We have examined yr Several accounts reced vialamaica l Barbadee We have examined yor Several accounts reced via Jamaica & Barbadoes
and make the following Rlenarl vy and make the following Remarks viz.
We observe you have not transmitted uscopies of your Journal & We observe you have not transmitted us copies of your Journal &
Leidger nor the compleat account of Salec of 140 negroes and the Flower Leidger nor the compleat account of Sales of 140 negroes and the Flower
of the George Augustus: We likewise take notice that you reced fid stoop P the George Augustus: We likewise take notice that you reced P sd sloop
28 Barrels of Plower, whereof you sold 68, but give no account what 78 Barrels of Flower, whereof you sold 68: but give no account what
becane became