and 20th Febry and sent you copies of each respective preceeding Letter and 20th Febry and sent you copies of each respective preceeding Letter
and of Our last We now send copy. We have since reced 2 from you of the and of Our last We now send copy. We have since reced 2 from you of the
20th January. One relating to our afairs and the other to your Quanels 20th January. One relating to our affairs and the other to your Quarrels
among Yor Selves. among Yo.r Selves.
Concerning Negroes their Rec Regulation Saler Concerning Negroes their Rect Regulation Sales
We note the arrival of the Nextune Stoop Capt. Vial 1 We note the arrival of the Neptune Sloop Captn Vial
at Portobelo from Tamaia with 200 Negroes, and that you had as at Portobelo from Jamaica with 200 Negroes, and that you had as
good as disposed of them with the i1 remaining), the Indian Queen and good as disposed of them with the 11 remaining by the Indian Queen and
your writing to Jamaica for further supplies. your writing to Jamaica for further supplies.
We havereed Account Sales of the Regroes of the John soop 2 We have reced Account Sales of the negroes P the John sloop
and note yo. Crediting Our account for the same 38557 7. Olate and note yor Crediting Our account for the same 38557 r.s Plate
which shall examine which shall examine
3 We have rec. from Mr Burnet the Regulations of 3 We have recd from Mr Burnet the Regulations of
the Slaves of the Indian Queen Mextune Sloop, also account of the Slaves of the Indian Queen neptune Sloop, also account of
Salys of Plower of the John Stoop, acco of Mortality of the Sales of Flower of the John Sloop, accot of Mortality of the
Negroes at Portobelo & Certificate of the Leath of a Negrita Negroes at Portobelo & Certificate of the Death of a Negrita
Concerning Indultos & Illicit Trade &c Concerning Indultos & Illicit Trade &c
Inclosed is another General Cedula of Indulto and for Inclosed is another General Cedula of Indulto and for
Sorge Regroes. Prize negroes.
(The afair of the Trench Imbargments is Hill under The affair of the French Imbargments is still under
Examination at Madrid and We hope soon to be able to advise you Examination at Madrid and We hope soon to be able to advise you
the result. A memorial having been delivered in on that head the result a memorial having been delivered in on that head
We note the Little Success the opening the Indulto at Lima We note the Little Success the opening the Indulto at Lima
has had, and approve yor Intention to be vigorous in Seizing suche has had, and approve yor Intention to be vigorous in Seizing such 
as son't come in as don't come in.
We are glad to hear of the Spaniands taving the French the We are glad to hear of the Spaniards taking the French ships
And that yo. Parts are now clear of them. We hope it will have And that yor Parts are now clear of them. We hope it will have
a Very good efect on our Trade, not only in the Prices, but he a Very good effect on our Trade, not only in the Prices, but the
Quickness of the Sales. These adoies being confirmed from all part. Quickness of the Sales. These advices being confirmed from all part.
Comning Concerning