We intend to wait on Mr. Chetwynd before he proceeds for Spain, and We intend to wait on Mr. Chetwynd before he proceeds for Spain, and
recomend to him our affairs at that court, together with your self and recomend to him our affairs at that court, together with your self and
Mr Uzardi. We are Mr Uzardi. We are
Apd. Loving Friends Yo^r Loving Friends
The Committee of Correspondence The Committee of Correspondence
By Order of the Court of By Order of the Court of
Directory Directors
Sam Shepheard Depy Sam Shepheard Dept
E Aurod 16 Augt. 1717. E Aurod 16 Augt. 1717.
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
Jno Tellowes Jno Fellowes
Sum Reade Sam Reade
South Sea house London South Sea houses London
31 July 1917. 31 July 1917.
Mr. Bowles Mr. Bowles
Our last was the 18th Instant copy inclosed since which have Our last was the 18th Instant copy inclosed since which have
rcced yours of the 19th Instant with the 2 Copies of Memorials inclosed, which rec^d  yours of the 19th Instant with the 2 Copies of Memorials inclosed, which
We approve as also yor intention to send to Our Pactory at Laveraliur of the We approve as also yo^r  intention to send to Our Factory at Lavern Cruz of the
Plota the book of measurements. Flota the book of measurements.
We note your Opinion that the Gatcons will be dupatched they We note your Opinion that the Gatcons will be dispatched this
next spring for Carthagena & Portobelo, and shill expect as You promice next spring for Carthagena & Portobelo, and shall expect as You promise
the best light you cangive us into a proper largoe for those parts which we the best light you can give us into a proper cargo for those parts which we
would have you do as soon as possible. would have you do as soon as possible.
that he could not receive any more money from his court without them that he could not receive any more money from his court without them
We delivered them up before We had your advice to the contrary. But his We delivered them up before We had your advice to the contrary. But his
Excells. has left with us copus atteted & legulized by a notary and Excells. has left with us copus atteted & legalized by a notary and
given us on the back his Rec for the Originals which he assures ty given us on the back his Rec [record] for the Originals which he assures ty
and We hope will be sufficient to enable us to account with the Sting of and We hope will be sufficient to enable us to account with the King of
Spain. Spain.
We also note your advice that we ought to keep the original We also note your advice that we ought to keep the original
assignation of the marg Montlon for his Pay as also that of hi son with assignation of the many Montlon for his Pay as also that of his son with
the certificate of his life the 31st December last to account with Hhiys Catholick the certificate of his life the 31st December last to account with his Catholick
Majesty, but the Marquie having been very pressing for them alledging Majesty, but the Marquie having been very pressing for them alledging
We observe your having sent to the Depty Gov: the charge of yo We observe your having sent to the Depty Gov: the charge of you^r house vent and of yo^r transportation to Cadiz which we shall
consider upon his Return from Tunbridge consider upon his Return from Tunbridge
ae We