from Carthagene to Portobels pursuant to the King of Spain's Cedula, and also from Carthagene to Portobels pursuant to the King of Spain's Cedula, and also
for sending the Goods from Samaica to Portobels, as to the Directions 110 have for sending the Goods from Samaica to Portobels, as to the Directions 110 have
given with respect to the transporting the Goods from Carthagene to Portobels given with respect to the transporting the Goods from Carthagene to Portobels
We confirm the same, and are further to rcquaint you that the admitalty leve We confirm the same, and are further to rcquaint you that the admitalty leve
2d to the Comand of the Ladlow Since given orders (lvey inclosed) to the Comander of the Ludlow Castle to apes Since given orders (lvey inclosed) to the Comander of the Ludlow Castle to apes
the Diamond man of War in that Service. But as our Intention was the Diamond man of War in that Service. But as our Intention was
only to have one man of War and our Application to the Admiralty for only to have one man of War and our Application to the Admiralty for
the Ludlow Castle was only in Case the Deamond should by any nisfor the Ludlow Castle was only in Case the Deamond should by any misfor
:tune be prevented from Proceding. We have given directions to Our :tune be prevented from Proceding. We have given directions to Our
agents at Jamaica. That in case one of the said Men of War shall be agents at Jamaica. That in case one of the said Men of War shall be
gone on this Service, that then the other is not to proceed. gone on this Service, that then the other is not to proceed.
This comes by the London Captn. Lillewhite whom We This comes by the London Captn. Lillewhite whom We
advited you We had freighted to transport the Goods from Jamaiea to advised you We had freighted to transport the Goods from Jamaica to
Portobelo, But We having reconsidered that matter have thought Portobelo, But We having reconsidered that matter have thought
fit to alter our Resolution, and not to send any part of those Goods fit to alter our Resolution, and not to send any part of those Goods
yord from Damaicr to Dnt Beld at Present, and We now acquaint our agents at Jamaria and Factors at Present, and We now acquaint our agents at Jamaica and Factors
at Fanama & Portobelo therewith, so that there will be no occasion at Panama & Portobelo therewith, so that there will be no occasion
for the Certificate We directed to be Procured and brot to Jamaica for the Certificate We directed to be Procured and brot to Jamaica
for the admision of the Goods we designed to be carried from Sanaica for the admision of the Goods we designed to be carried from Jamaica
to Portobelo to Portobelo
(This being the case We have ordered our agents at Jamaica This being the case We have ordered our agents at Jamaica
on arrual of the London to put onboard her 200. Negroes or so on arrival of the London to put onboard her 200 Negroes or so
many of them as your Place may require without detaining the many of them as your Place may require without detaining the
Ship and to dispatch her to Carthagona there to deliver the Negrow with Ship and to dispatch her to Carthagena there to deliver the Negroes with
such Provisions as shall remain unexpended, which being done, you- such Provisions as shall remain unexpended, which being done, you-
are to Lade on board her all or so many of the Bedfords Goods as are to Lade on board her all or so many of the Bedfords Goods as
the can carry and in Case she lannot take in the whole, then you she can carry and in Case she sannot take in the whole, then you
(are to put the rest of board the man of War under whose Convoy) she is are to put the rest of board the man of War under whose Convoy she is
to Proceed to Portobelo; But if by any means the man of War should to Proceed to Portobelo; But if by any means the man of War should
not be able to broced the London is to make the best of hee way not be able to Proceed the London is to make the best of her way
without her. without her.
You You