February last and sent you copies of each repective preceding Letter. February last and sent you copies of each repective preceding Letter.
and of our last We now Send copy, having already answer'd all your Letters and of our last We now Send copy, having already answer'd all your Letters
come to hand. We do o w write under heads as usual. come to hand. We do not now write under heads as usual.
We hope the London, by which We wrote our last and wt. We hope the London, by which We wrote our last and wch
sailed hence the 8th March last wile safely arrive, and that you will sailed hence the 8th March last wile safely arrive, and that you will
have taken the Properest measures pursuant to Our Directions for have taken the Properest measures pursuant to Our Directions for
transperting the Bedford's Goods from Carthagena to Portobelo transporting the Bedford's Goods from Carthagena to Portobelo
according to the King of Spain's Cedula and for making the returny according to the King of Spain's Cedula and for making the returns
by her as Large as Possible. by her as Large as Possible.
We have ordered our Panama Factory to do the like with We have ordered our Panama Factory to do the like with
what they can gather up. she being a ship of force & Countenance. what they can gather up. she being a ship of force & Countenance.
We have taken into Consideration the State of your and the We have taken into Consideration the State of your and the
Panama Factories. And that there is want of assistance at Paname Panama Factories. And that there is want of assistance at Panama
and Portobelo and that business will increase there upon the removal and Portobelo and that business will increase there upon the removal
of the Goods thither and on the arrival of the annualship Mr Parsons of the Goods thither and on the arrival of the annualship (Mr Parsons
at Portobelo being Dead) and have determined that Mr Bumpited at Portobelo being Dead) and have determined that Mr Bumpsted
Mr(Clake be removed from your Factory be added to and made pt Mr Blake be removed from your Factory be added to and made pt
of the anama Factory, the first as Dd Factor, and to ride at of the Panama Factory, the first as 3d Factor, and to reside at
Panama and the Latter as 4t Factor and to reside at Portobelo Panama and the Latter as 4th Factor and to reside at Portobelo
We being well asured the business at your Place will admit of it We being well asured the business at your Place will admit of it
We therefore confrm the directions. We have already given We therefore confrm the directions. We have already given
for Mr. Bumpsted's Proceeding on the London to Cortobelo for Mr. Bumpsted's Proceeding on the London to Portobelo
and Panama and that Mr Blake likewise proceed on the and Panama and that Mr Blake likewise proceed on the
same ship or other first opportunity to Portobelo. same ship or other first opportunity to Portobelo.
On the 22th March Our annual ship designed for your Part On the 22th March Our annual ship designed for your Part
this year which We built on Purpose for this Service was Launcted this year which We built on Purpose for this Service was Launched
& named The Royal George. Tnis ship has been meatured by & named The Royal George. This ship has been meatured by
two Mahematicians & meesurers (sworn for that Purpose One two Mahematicians & meesurers (sworn for that Purpose) One
on behalf of the King of Spain and the other on behalf of the on behalf of the King of Spain and the other on behalf of the
Company in the presence of the Chevalier Eon the King of Spains Company in the presence of the Chevalier Eon the King of Spains
Director here for the affirs of the assients. And a Certificate of Director here for the affirs of the assients. And a Certificate of