Original order to the Chivalice Con the Span Director here to Original order to the Chivalice Con the Span Director here to
see said ship measure which he did accordingly as you will see said ship measure which he did accordingly as you will
likewise see by the said Chiraliers Certificate at foot of the likewise see by the said Chiraliers Certificate at foot of the
above Instrument. above Instrument.
This being so Authentick & the Timage so much within This being so Authentick & the Timage so much within
the 300 Fun allowed us. We hope there will be no Difficulties on the 300 Fun allowed us. We hope there will be no Difficulties on
that head, as We had the greatest reason to beleive there would not that head, as We had the greatest reason to beleive there would not
have been had the been measured there. Our Annt Thip Royal have been had the been measured there. Our Annt Thip Royal
George having been measured here by the same Perions that George having been measured here by the same Perions that
meachred this ship. and that measurement having beenagreed meachred this ship. and that measurement having beenagreed
to in Spain without any Difference to in Spain without any Difference
Sam Shegheard Dep. Sam Shegheard Dep.
To Mr Charles Read and the rest of the To Mr Charles Read and the rest of the
Factors to the Royall Brittish Asients Factors to the Royall Brittish Asients
Comp at La Vera Cruz Comp at La Vera Cruz
South Sea Howse South Sea Howse
13 June 178 13 June 178
Ser Ser
Gercasing Letter with & Litter reed Gercasing Letter with & Litter reed
In last was the 12 Jnly Ponr Onnall Ship Regall Pinge In last was the 12 Jnly Ponr Onnall Ship Regall Pinge
Inbeing Iwayes and bld of ling of Cr Cargo, as abs of that the Inbeing Iwayes and bld of ling of Cr Cargo, as abs of that  the
SaahGalldy and other papers and Acounto SaahGalldy and other papers and Acounto
Whe lane incerded for yo the soling ttns Ddeted in ven E Whe lane incerded for yo the soling ttns Ddeted in ven E
2 of the 24 Setr 2 of the 24 Setr
1. af t 9e ae of 76 1. af t 9e ae of 76
2 of the 3 Marsh 2 of the 3 Marsh
1 he 10 Do 1 he 10 Do