by Mr Clark of Mallaga as by Mr Commyns adding to each Species by Mr Clark of Mallaga as by Mr Commyns adding to each Species
of Goods Ten p cent on the Prime Cost & charges, and send the same by the of Goods Ten p cent on the Prime Cost & charges, and send the same by the
said ship to be delivered to our Factors for their Government said ship to be delivered to our Factors for their Government
The ship being dispatched from the Canaries. You are to Proceed with The ship being dispatched from the Canaries. You are to Proceed with
her to the Havana, where being arrived you are to selier Our Letter her to the Havana, where being arrived you are to selier Our Letter
to the Factory and carefully to Pursue Our Directions not only in to the Factory and carefully to Pursue Our Directions not only in
relation to the Cargoe by this ship; but as to what else relates to the relation to the Cargoe by this ship; but as to what else relates to the
management of our affairs in the Factory). management of our affairs in the Factory).
We wish you a good Voyage and Remain We wish you a good Voyage and Remain
Yor Loving Friens Yor Loving Friens
The court of Directors of the The court of Directors of the
Outh Sealompany Outh Sealompany
am Shepheard Dep. am Shepheard Dep.
Sor Gore Sor Gore
Wm Morley Wm Morley
Ro. Horsey Ro. Horsey
John Lambert John Lambert
Wm Tillard Wm Tillard
Fran Eyles Fran Eyles
Sam Reade Sam Reade
Jno Fellowes Jno Fellowes
He chied He chied
Wm Hamond Wm Hamond
A Raymond A Raymond
Richd Houlditch Richd Houlditch
Jo. Turner Jo. Turner
Jacob Jacobsen Jacob Jacobsen
Dr Delaporte Dr Delaporte
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Robert Chester Robert Chester
We have lately obtained from Spain His CM. Cedule for this We have lately obtained from Spain His CM. Cedule for this
ship, by which youl see the King of Spainha directed the Propce ship, by which youl see the King of Spainha directed the Propce
Reg. of the Trutes put on board to be taken out at the lanaries Reg. of the Trutes put on board to be taken out at the lanaries
which you are to take care be done Accordingly ans whereas by he 36. which you are to take care be done Accordingly ans whereas by he 36.
Act of our assiento. the lanary ship is to be a ship of 300 Jun wt Act of our assiento. the lanary ship is to be a ship of 300 Jun wt
to Prevent all Duputes that may arise in the measurement. We have to Prevent all Duputes that may arise in the measurement. We have
freightes this ship for this Service tho' she be above 50 Tuns under freightes this ship for this Service tho' she be above 50 Tuns under
that Trmage, as you'l see by the Authentick certificate in Spar & ligd that Trmage, as you'l see by the Authentick certificate in Spar & ligd
which goes by her she has been measuresoy 2 Mathematician Sworn which goes by her she has been measuresoy 2 Mathematician Sworn
for that purpose One on the part of the King of Spain and the other for that purpose One on the part of the King of Spain and the other
on the part of the Company, by which her Junage amounts to on the part of the Company, by which her Junage amounts to
but 245 Tuns. That the above Certificate may next but 245  Tuns. That the above Certificate may next
with the utmost Credit We have got it underwrt by the with the utmost Credit We have got it underwrt by the
Sparish Embasader here that he has seen the King of Spain Sparish Embasader here that he has seen the King of Spain
Orig. Orig.