Southseattouse South sea house
7 May 1718 7 May 1718
Sr
Inclosed you have 3 Packets One to yours self Another to the King Inclosed you have 3 Packets One to yours self Another to the King
of Spain, & the Other to Dr Dr Franciseo Piquer All from Bunos of Spain, & the Other to Dr Dr Franciseo Piquer All from Buenos
Ayres by the Kingston Tryg For the last youl See ff the Port Ayres by the Kingston Frygt For the last youl See ff the Port
Mark the C p. 12. I am Mark the C p. 12. I am
Your Humble sent Your Humble sent
Divescomb Divescomb
Mr Bowles Mr Bowles
London 3 May 1713 London 3 May 1713
Mr Wodbridge Mr Wodbridge
We shall be glad to hear of yo. Safe arrival at We shall be glad to hear of yor. Safe arrival at
Barbadoes and what sucuess is like to attend the Execution of the orders Barbadoes and what sucuess is like to attend the Execution of the orders
We have given you. This Serves to acquaint you that We have We have given you. This Serves to acquaint you that We have
lately ree a Lrer from Mr Farril at the Havance without date lately recd a Lre from Mr Farril at the Havana without date
advising the Prospect he has of selling 1000 Negroes pann, and advising the Prospect he has of selling 1000 Negroes p ann, and
that there had been Representations made to the King of Spain that there had been Representations made to the King of Spain
and Council of Indies that our Co having failed to supply that and Council of Indies that our Co having failed to supply that
City with negroes Pufficient and according to the Practice of City with negroes Pufficient and according to the Practice of
former Assientists. They had been obliged to abandon their ougan former Assientists. They had been obliged to abandon their Sugar
Works and betake themselves to the Planting Tobaico by reason Works and betake themselves to the Planting Tobacco by reason
fewer regroes were required for Tobaccs than Sugar, And fewer negroes were required for Tobacco than Sugar, And
that since it was he only Support of the said City and the Ddjacent that since it was he only Support of the said City and the adjacent
Places they begd his Majt to remove he Estance on Tebaus, And the Places they beg'd his Majt to remove he Estanco on Tobacco, And the
same remains in suspence till such time as further orders come same remains in suspence till such time as further orders come
from Spain; Out Mr Parril further advises that should the from Spain; But Mr Farril further advises that should the
Estanistake Effect he is asures he shall get ready money forall Estanco take Effect he is assured he shall get ready money for all
such Tobaccor as he shall receive forhegroes. You are herfore such Tobacco as he shall receive for negroes. You are herefore
psuant to O Orders to supply him from time to time as he psuant to Or Orders to supply him from time to time as he
shall write for them or as you in yor discretion shall have shall write for them or as you in yor discretion shall have
reason to think may be used or sold for our Accot to advantage reason to think may be used or sold for our Accot to advantage
And We hope a constant Supply will have such an Effect as And We hope a constant Supply will have such an Effect as
put hem again upon making Sigars wth they may Sell to us put them again upon making Sugars wch they may Sell to us
Or Or