South Lea House South Sea House
27 January 1717 27 January 1717
Mr. George Commnyns Mr. George Commnyns
T Comittee of Bunying having on the 24t Instants cane This  Comittee of Buying having on the 24th Instants came
to a Resolution to the providing of Black Taffaties, and Calrettes at the to a Resolution to the providing of Black Taffaties, and Culrettes at the
Couaryes to be putt on Board the Companyes Ship Couaryes to be putt on Board the Companyes Ship
Inpunsnance thereof Wee do direct That you do take care to porovide Inpus ?? thereof We  do direct That you do take care to provide 
to the value of 1000. or 1500 in Black Taffaties, and to the vallue of Bor6e to the value of 1000. or 1500 in Black Taffaties, and to the vallue of 50. or 60
in Calcettas to be putt on Board the Ship wee shall send you for that Cuporso in Calcettas to be putt on Board the Ship wee shall send you for that Cuporso
And gon may Reinbeunse your selfe by Belle to be Drawne on Mossrs And gon may Reimburse  your self by Belle to be Drawns on Messrs
Braddyll and Keino of Cariz, at on Mr Thomas Bowkes the Comanyd Braddyll and Herne of Cadiz, at on Mr Thomas Bowles the Company's 
Agent at Madied as shall be most for the Companye Advantage, The Agent at Madrid as shall be most for the Company's Advantage, The
Sad Gentlemen espetively having our Orders for drely Aetening the same Sad Gentlemen respectively having our Orders for drely Attaining  the same
Yo Lving Friends Yo Lving Friends
Weeae Weeae
Ja: Bateman SibGov Ja: Bateman SibGov
Wm Charkan Wm Charkan
Sam Sephoard Dep Sam Sephoard Dep
Riclignd Houlditch Riclignd Houlditch
Fishe Tenll Fishe Tenll
Tn ys. Gore Tn ys. Gore
L. Blacksoll L. Blacksoll
Jarsb Law bridge Jarsb Law bridge
pd Delaport pd Delaport
Jacob Sacutten Jacob Sacutten
Richd Horsey Richd Horsey
E Gibbon E Gibbon
Theo: Tanssen Theo: Tanssen
Henry Dunley Henry Dunley
Wc Astoll Wc Astoll
Pa L74 Pa L74
C. Haye C. Haye
Tho. Regnotd Tho. Regnotd
H. Paymond H. Paymond
Wm Fellose Wm Fellose
Jno. Phint Jno. Phint
Fra Hanbs Fra Hanbs