of Introducing part of the Bedfords Cargoe thither, which We of Introducing part of the Bedfords Cargoe thither, which We
think may be better done by one of yor Factory's going thither think may be better done by one of yo^r Factory's going thither
than can be by Letter. Let the Person that goes carry an Account than can be by Letter. Let the Person that goes carry an Account
of all the Goods you have unsold, more Particularly those that of all the Goods you have unsold, more Particularly those that
are most proper for Peru. are most proper for Peru.
We have several times wrote you of the advantage 11 We have several times wrote you of the advantage
the French made by having a Judge Conservator at Sta See the French made by having a Judge Conservator at Sta Fee
from whence he used to return the French about thist thouand from whence he used to return the French about thirty thousand
p of 86 Pann. for Induttor on Negroes Illicitly inhported ps of 8/8 P annn for Indulto's on Negroes Illicitly imported
into that Province. We suppose most by the way of St Mathe into that Province. We suppose most by the way of Sta Martha
to which you have never given us any answer to which you have never given us any answer
12. Wo think it may be worth while to send one of yor lacton 12th We think it may be worth while to send one of yor Factory
into that Province to inquire into that Matter with Power into that Province to inquire into that Matter with Power
to put the Indulto on foot there, and to appoint a Judge Conserv. to put the Indulto on foot there, and to appoint a Judge Conserv.^t
there if it be found for the Companys Interect. there if it be found for the Companys Interest.
I head Concerning Trade in General & 8th head Concerning Trade in General &
9th head Concerning the Laws & Customs of the Country 9th head Concerning the Laws & Customs of the Country
under these Two heads We have nothing New to wnite Under these Two heads We have nothing New to write
but refer you to what We have already directed you but refer you to what We have already directed you
10th head Concerning Accounts. 10th head Concerning Accounts.
1 As to the keeping up and Transmitting Us accounts 1st  As to the keeping up and Transmitting Us accounts
from time to time: We refer you to the Directions in our last from time to time: We refer you to the Directions in our last
with which We expect a Punchial compliance with which We expect a Punctual compliance
2d On Perusal of yor Townal, Leidger & lash Book We 2d On Perusal of yor Journal, Leidger & Cash Book We
find a Charge under the head of Household Expences amd find a Charge under the head of Household Expences amo^t
to 570 $ 6. Rl which we are Surprized to find in Our Books to 5170 $ 6. Rl which we are Surprized to find in Our Books
For by yor own agreement. Yor Salaries were to answer us, For by yo^r own agreement. Yor Salaries were to answer You
Expences, and should they come to more than You Expected Expences, and should they come to more than You Expected
You You