Regroes and that Mr Parril writes for further Supplies, But as 118 negroes and that Mr Farril writes for further Supplies; But as we
advised you in our last that We had put our Factories on the Island of Cuba advised you in our last that We had put our Factories on the Island of Cuba
under the direction of Mr Woodbridge of Barbadoes, he is for the future under the direction of Mr Woodbridge of Barbadoes, he is for the future
to Supply and Correspond with them. to Supply and Correspond with them.
Moberve Mr Parril ship donboard the Eagle 15 Tuns of We observe Mr Farril ship'd onboard the Eagle 15 Tuns of
Logwood to save the Charge of Ballast, And that he did not ship on Logwood to save the Charge of Ballast, and that he did not ship on
board her any money for fear of the Pyrates which We approve board her any money for fear of the Pirates which We approve
We were in hopes by this time to have heard of their being Suppressd We were in hopes by this time to have heard of their being Suppressd
either by force or their taking the benefit of the Proclamation either by force or their taking the benefit of the Proclamation
We have acquainted Mr Farril that the London is to We have acquainted Mr Farril that the London is to
touch at the Haveine provided our Factors can Procure the man of touch at the Havena provided our Factors can Procure the man of
War whom the Admiralty have appointed to assist in transporting the War whom the Admiralty have appointed to assist in transporting the
Bedford's Goods from Carthagena. To that he must use all Possible Bedford's Goods from Carthagena. So that he must use all Possible
endeavours to make as large Returns by her as Possible if she comes endeavours to make as large actions by her as Possible if she comes
We note that Mr Parril cannot have liberty to ship Our money We note that Mr Farril cannot have liberty to ship Our money
in any man of War or ship unless she first enters with Our Passes and in any man of War or ship unless she first enters with Our Passes and
Negroes for which reason you were endeavouring with some of Negroes for which reason you were endeavouring with some of
The Captains that they take on board some Negroes when hey go on a The Captains that they take on board some Negroes when they go on a
Creize and carry to the Havana in order to bring back the money Cruise and carry to the Havana in order to bring back the money
Mr Farril has by him. We hope you will not have put this in Mr Farril has by him. We hope you will not have put this in
Execution leet the remedy be worse than the disease, and under Execution let the remedy be worse than the disease, and under
Colour of Our Passes such things should be done as may not only Colour of Our Passes such things should be done as may not only
afect our Trade, but bring us under any Reflections. And if he affect our Trade, but bring us under any Reflections. And if he
cant procure the men of War to do it without these terms. he must cant procure the men of War to do it without these terms. he must
not let them take in any of our Effects; But however they not let them take in any of our Effects; But however they
are not debard from being Convoy to any of our shypt or are not debar'd from being Convoy to any of our ships or
Slooges. Sloops.
As to this objection, tho the 17th Art of our assiento As to this objection, tho the 17th Art of our assiento
has given us Liberty to load our Effects on the Flota or Galliony has given us Liberty to load our Effects on the Flota or Gallery
or the Vessels belonging to the apiento; yet there is no Negative or the Vessels belonging to the assiento; yet there is no Negative
Caue Clause