His Exrs the Marg de Vale, Vice Roy c His Exrs the Marg de Vale, Vice Roy & C
London 14 June 1718 London 14 June 1718
Most Excellt Most Excellt
We the Court of Directors of the Royal Assients We the Court of Directors of the Royal Assients
Company of Great Britain have reced with great Peasure & satisfaction Company of Great Britain have reced with great Peasure & satisfaction
the Letter which yor Excelly was pleased to do us the Hon to write us the the Letter which yor Excelly was pleased to do us the Hon to write us the
26th Janry last your shy the Sarah Galley and return you our hearty 26th Janry last your shy the Sarah Galley and return you our hearty
thanks for the kind assurances you are pleased to give us of the Esteem thanks for the kind assurances you are pleased to give us of the Esteem
you have for the Company and the nation which you have demonstrated in you have for the Company and the nation which you have demonstrated in
the rotection you have given to Our Tactors and the Affairs under their Maneg= the rotection you have given to Our Tactors and the Affairs under their Maneg=
ment ment
We are very ensible of the great Worth and Goodness of yor Excelle, We are very ensible of the great Worth and Goodness of yor Excelle,
and shall esteem our selves happy in the Continuance of so valuable a friends his and shall esteem our selves happy in the Continuance of so valuable a friends his
andshall mueet all occasions of doing yor Excelly, the most acceptable Service andshall mueet all occasions of doing yor Excelly, the most acceptable Service
in these Parts to the utmost of our Cower, with the greateit readiness. in these Parts to the utmost of our Cower, with the greateit readiness.
May it Pease yos Exqr May it Pease yos Exqr
Waprayhed Weere to Rreceive yor Exy. many years Waprayhed to Rreceive yor Exy. many years Weere
Y Eaullys Y Eaullys
Most obedient and most Most obedient and most
numble Servt numble Servt
Saml. Regheard Dep. Saml. Regheard Dep.
Amd. Tage Amd. Tage
John Lambert John Lambert
Ed Houldrtch Ed Houldrtch
Wm. Chapman Wm. Chapman
Dr Delaporte Dr Delaporte
Wm Atell Wm Atell
Ste. Child Ste. Child
Stari Matter Stari Matter
Jacob Jacobeen Jacob Jacobeen
Jhn Blunt Jhn Blunt
Ra. Edmundson Ra. Edmundson
Sam Reade Sam Reade
Wm. Tillard Wm. Tillard
Jacob Sawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Jo Gore Jo Gore
Wr Morley Wr Morley