South Seahouse South Sea house
London 15th January 1717 London 15th January 1717
Captn Jacob Capt^n Jacob
The St. Honl. the Lords of the Admiralty haing The R^t. Hon^ble. the Lords of the Admiralty having
been pleased by their order of the 13th Instant to direct you to Proceed been pleased by their order of the 13th Instant to direct you to Proceed
with his majesty ship the Diamond under your comand to carthagena
and take in the Company's Goods and carry them to Portobelo. We and take in the Company's Goods and carry them to Portobelo. We
carnetly recomendit to you that you will without Loss o ftime apply earnestly recomend it to you that you will without Loss of time apply
to Messrs Patter & Haselwood oue agents at Pamaua, And having reced to Messrs Patter & Haselwood are agents at Jamaica,And having rece^d
from them such Packets as they shall give you for Our Factories at from them such Packets as they shall give you for Our Factories at
Casthagena & Panama, And also His Catholick Majrs Cedula for Carthagena & Panama, And also His Catholick Maj^tys Cedula for
transporting the said Geods, prerced on the said Service. transporting the said Goods, proceed on the said Service.
Upon your arrival at Carthagena We desire you to deliver Upon your arrival at Carthagena We desire you to deliver
to our Factors the said Cedula and such Packets as shall have been to our Factors the said Cedula and such Packets as shall have been
put on board you forthan. And having taken in the Goods and put on board you for them. And having taken in the Goods and
reced from the said Factors the Certificates We have ordered tham rece^d from the said Factors the Certificates We have ordered tham
to give you proving the sd Goods to be part of the Bedfords to give you, proving the sd Goods to be part of the Bedford's
cargoe and such other dispatches as Our Factors shall give you We cargoe and such other dispatches as Our Factors shall give you We
desire you to Proceed directly to Portobelo and there deliver to our desire you to Proceed directly to Portobelo and there deliver to our
Factors all such Goods & Effects as you shall have taken on board Factors all such Goods & Effects as you shall have taken on board
at lartha together with the Packets at carth^a together with the Packets
To Prevent any Embarassments that may happen. We To Prevent any Embarassments that may happen. We
depend on you Thatyouwill not carry any Goods to the Spanish West depend on you That you will not carry any Goods to the Spanish West
Indies (other than those for the Company) and as Our agents at lam Indies (other than those for the Company) and as Our agents at Jama
have our Directions to send a sloop with Negroes to Carth on have our Directors to send a sloop with Negroes to Cartha. on
our account. We recomend her to yor Protection and Tafe guard and our account. We recomend her to yor Protection and safe guard and
should there be more Goods at Earth? than your ship canlarry, tey should there be more Goods at Cartha than your ship can carry, they
may be put on board the said Sloop and attend you under your Convoy may be put on board the said Sloop and attend you under your Convoy
to Pntobelo, And singe the said Sloop will have delivered to her at to Portobelo, And since the said Sloop will have delivered to her at
eartha some lestificates which are necessary to be Speedily but back cartha. some Certificates which are necessary to be Speedily brot. back
to to