Goods are Preferable to what comes by other Conveyance. We expect to ree Goods are Preferable to what comes by other Conveyance. We expect to reap
The benefit in the Sales. The benefit in the Sales.
We herewith send you the Box of Catterms of the Woolen Goods for your We herewith send you the Box of Patterms of the Woolen Goods for your
Government Government
As We sent you in Our last so likewise We said you herewith an Authectial As We sent you in Our last, so likewise We said you herewith an Authentick
copy of the New Convention, s s t his EMajesty s Cedula or order for its copy of the New Convention, his C Majesty s Cedula or order for its
observance, By which youl see (among other things /(that our annual observance You have already, By which youl see (among other things) that our annual
ship granted by he afsunto instond of being of 500. Tuns shale be of 650 ship granted by the assiento instead of being of 500. Tuns shale be of 650
sum for 10 years to comence this present year 1717. In order to recois the Tuns for 10 years to comence this present year 1717. In order to recoup the
1500 Pins due for the years 174 1715 & 1716 wherein We sent nothips 1500 Tuns due for the years 174 1715 & 1716 wherein We sent no ship
You are als to observe that the Flotae not sailing from ladig by You are also to observe that the Flota not sailing from Cadiz by
all the Month of June We have made use of the Liberty granted iu by the all the Month of June We have made use of the Liberty granted us by the
said Convention to send thit ship without staying for their departure said Convention to send their ship without staying for their departure
which by our advices We beleve will be by the beginning of auquit, but which by our advices We beleve will be by the beginning of auquit, but
Should any thing obstrut the same. The Royal Prince oy Gods Should any thing obstruct the same. The Royal Prince being by Gods
blessing arrived at Laverabrus. You are not obliged to Stay longer before blessing arrived at La Vera Cruz. You are not obliged to Stay longer before
The delivery & sale of her largoe than Four months after her acsrived The delivery & sale of her Cargoe than Four months after her arrival
altho the Flote should not be then arrived, but may sell the same withot altho the Flote should not be then arrived, but may sell the same without
any obstacle or hindrance. You are therefore on her arrival to endeavou any obstacle or hindrance. You are therefore on her arrival to endeavour
to obtain leave to land all the Goods and put them into good Warchouy to obtain leave to land all the Goods and put them into good Warehouse
because We think they may be more safe & ready for sale, and in case because We think they may be more safe & ready for sale, and in case
he Royal Officery must to have their Lock & key to them. You may the Royal Officery must to have their Lock & key to them. You may
Comply therewith taking care at the same time, that you your aloe Comply therewith taking care at the same time, that you your selves
hep anther. But this retraint is to continue no longer than til the keep another. But this restraint is to continue no longer than til the
Capiration of the said 4 months or sooner Arrival of the Pote Expiration of the said 4 months or sooner Arrival of the Flota
which shall first happen as youl see by the said Convention which shall first happen as you'l see by the said Convention
We have been endeavouring to obtain at the Court of Matrd We have been endeavouring to obtain at the Court of Matrd
a Cedula for admitting this ship & Corgoe at your Port without the a Cedula for admitting this ship & Cargoe at your Port without the
Intervention of your Geo. Royal officer br others whom soever; Intervention of your Govr. Royal officers orothers whomsoever;
But the ship not staying We have hitherto only obtained a Cedula But the ship not staying We have hitherto only obtained a Cedula
Duplicate whereof goes herewith, the original being sent by the Duplicate whereof goes herewith, the original being sent by the
Court of Spain to Eady) directed to the General of the Tlota for Court of Spain to Cadiz directed to the General of the Flota for
him him