Indulto from which We are assured there will acerue great advantages Indulto from which We are assured there will accrue great advantages
to the Company, it extending to all hegroes illicitly introduced as well to the Company, it extending to all negroes illicitly introduced as well
before as since our afsients, So that there can be no disputes as to point of before as since our assiento, So that there can be no disputes as to point of
time. This Cedula being General + lircular Wesend it to all ourother time. This Cedula being General & Circular We send it to all our other
Factories Factories
We have writ pressingly to our agents at Madred for trinsing We have writ pressingly to our agents at Madrid for bringing
the afair of the Imbargments of the French Effects on account of Ilicit the afair of the Imbargments of the French Effects on account of Ilicit
Introductions to a speedy concusion that the same may be deeiered over Introductions to a speedy concusion that the same may be delivered over
to us to make good so far as the same will exstend what the Fenchlong? to us to make good so far as the same will exstend what the French Compa
are indebtedtous, and aswe have got the better of them in the Spanis are indebted to us, and as we have got the better of them in the Spanish
West Indies We dont doubt the same Justice at Madres, and that the West Indies We dont doubt the same Justice at Madrid, and that the
Sentences made in Our Savour will be confirm'd which We hope soon Sentences made in Our Favour will be confirm'd which We hope soon
to be able to advise you of. This may bea government to you in transary to be able to advise you of. This may bea government to you in transasting
any matters of that nature. any matters of that nature.
We have just now reced yours dated at Panama 3. November We have just now reced yours dated at Panama 3d. November
bat Portobels the 8th of that month giving Accot of the Progress you make at Portobelo the 8th of that month giving Accot of the Progress you make
in the Sales of our negroes. And that the Licence you procured for in the Sales of our negroes. And that the Licence you procured for
Importing the remainder of the Bedfords Goods into Cortobelo & Paname Importing the remainder of the Bedfords Goods into Portobelo & Panama
would not be admitted at Carthagena, To that the ledula We obtained- would not be admitted at Carthagena, so that the cedula We obtained-
from the King of Spain for that Curpose has proved absolutely necessary from the King of Spain for that Purpose has proved absolutely necessary
and We hope by the directions We have given to the Carthagena Iretory and We hope by the directions We have given to the Carthagena Factory
and your selves it will be effectrlly put in Execution and your selves it will be effectually put in Execution
As to the 175 ps of India, concerning which you acquainted us As to the 175 ps of India, concerning which you acquainted us
that you could make no further demand till matter are determined with that you could make no further demand till matter are determined with
the French Company. We have wrote to Mr Bowles about it, who the French Company. We have wrote to Mr Bowles about it, who
Lonom. the 175 Regros Introdued answers that he wonders you have not been able to obtain the Produce answers that he wonders you have not been able to obtain the Produce
of them, which is to be applied to Out benefit as is stipulated in the of them, which is to be applied to Our benefit as is stipulated in the
Bth art of the assente. And in theledula which was taken out in 13th art of the assiento. And in the cedula which was taken out in
consequence thereof from the year 1713. But as there appears no autos consequence thereof from the year 1713. But as there appears no autos
of what has been transacted relating to these Negroes. We cannot form any of what has been transacted relating to these Negroes. We cannot form any
Representation to the Council of Indies, till they arrive Representation to the Council of Indies, till they arrive
Weagain regeat our directions to you, that in this and inall We again regeat our directions to you, that in this and in all
other other