and Royal Officers as may indemnify them, and procuce us the and Royal Officers as may indemnify them, and procure us the
money. money.
Our Panama Factory also advise us in their Letter of the 10th Our Panama Factory also advise us in their Letter of the 10th
August 1715. as follows. August 1715. as follows.
In the year 174 Dr. Ant. de Eschevers Captn of a Spanish man of In the year 1714 Dr. Ant. de Eschevers Captn of a Spanish man of
War arrived at Postobelo and at a Place about 3 Leagues from War arrived at Portobelo and at a Place about 3 Leagues from
theme called Bastimentos he took a Sloop of Jamaica with Clave theme called Bastimentos he took a Sloop of Jamaica with slave
the number cant justly advise your Aon. upon his bringing them the number can't justly advise your Hon^s. upon his bringing them
into Portobelo they were declared by the President & Royal officers into Portobelo they were declared by the President & Royal officers
here, and there condemned as Prise and appertaining to the Han. here, and there condemned as Prize and appertaining to the Hon.
Company of England being after your Hon. assicute took Place, he Company of England being after your Hon^s. assicute took Place, the
said Captn. Imediately entred a Protest and is now proceeded to said Captn. Imediately entred a Protest and is new proceeded to
Spain with copy of the said Order of Condemnation to Appeal at, Spain with copy of the said Order of Condemnation to Appeal at,
the Court of Madrid before the Council of Indier declaring the the Court of Madrid before the Council of Indier declaring the
Produce of them belongs to him which y contrary to the 13 art Produce of them belongs to him which y contrary to the 18 art
of your Hon. assiento. To We are humbly of opinion that upon due of your Hon^s. assiento. To We are humbly of opinion that upon due
application they will be declared in favour of your Honours, the application they will be declared in favour of your Honours, the
said slaves were sold and the money deposited in the Kings Rogel said slaves were sold and the money deposited in the Kings Royal
Coffer here. Coffer here.
They futher acvrive us in theirs of the 20th Febry 1715. They futher advise us in theirs of the 20th Febry 1715.
as follows. as follows.
Have long since laid claim to the sloop of Negroes brought Have long since laid claim to the sloop of Negroes brought
into Portobelo by lapt Eschevers: there appears but 110 negroes into Portobelo by Capt Eschevers: there appears but 110 negroes
in the Declarations & Sales send you copies of the Autos attected in the Declarations & Sales send you copies of the Autos attected
that yor Hont may make your demands the clearer in the that yor Hons. may make your demands the clearer in the
Court of Madrid, and an abstracted account of the neat Proceed Court of Madrid, and an abstracted account of the neat Proceed
of the Blacks amountine to p 16373 1R Capt. Echeven of the Blacks amounting to $16373 1Rl Capt. Echevers
is lost with all the Flota bound to Spain in November last is lost with all the Flota bound to Spain in November last
in the Gulph of Florida: The Duplicate he carned will not in the Gulph of Florida: The Duplicate he carried will not
in come to hand. To yor Hon will have time enough to get the in come to hand. So yor Hons will have time enough to get the
sentence declared here in yos favour confirmed in the court sentence declared here in yos favour confirmed in the court
of madred. He has advised the council of Indies that the of madred. He has advised the council of Indies that the
said said