from Your Port to touch at the Havana (if you should thinl fit so to dicectlee from your Port to touch at the Havana (if you should think fit so to direct her
from the advices She should bring you from that Factory] We have reconsidered from the advices She should bring you from that Factory) We have reconsidered
it and that the lalling in at the Htavana will be a Loss of time. You are it and that the Calling in at the Havana will be a Loss of time. you are
therefore to dispatch her directly for England. And this you are also to do with therefore to dispatch her directly for England. And this you are also to do with
the utmost Expedition the utmost Expedition.
Ire adred you are not to dividge to any Person to, save These advices you are not to divulge to any Person wt soever
the efecting of these our owders depending much upon their being conceale the effecting of these our orders depending much upon their being concealed
And till We are able to advice you that affairs are setled between the 2 Crown And till We are able to advice you that affairs are setled between the 2 Crowns
You are not to write for any more Negroe. You are not to write for any more Negroes.
We hope you will have dispatched We hope you will have dispatched
the Royal Prince before thys comes the Royal Prince before this comes
to haud, but if not youare to use the to hand, but if not you are to use the
like diligence in dispatching her away like diligence in dispatching her away
with the utmost Expedition with the utmost Expedition
Rectoured in the Factors letter Rect sured in the Factors letter
of the 20 May 1719 of the 20 May 1719
We are We are
Yor Loving Friens Yor Loving Friends
The lomite o Coreyond The Comittee of Correspondce
Sa Sateman Ja Bateman
John Lambert John Lambert
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Robert Chester Robert Chester
Mr Warde M.r Uzardi
South Sea house South Sea house
Or Sr
London9 August 713 London 9th August 1718
I have reced yor Letter of the 1st Instant with the Bill I have reced yor Letter of the 1st Instant with the Bill
and Letter of advice from the Bunes Ryres Factory, which have been and Letter of advice from the Buenos Ayres Factory, which have been
laid before thelourt of Directors. The Bill I return you inclosed as you laid before the Court of Directors. The Bill I return you inclosed as you
desired. And sam to acquaint you that they have wont by this Post to Mr desired. And I am to acquaint you that they have writ by this Post to M.^r
Bowles to pay it Bowles to pay it.
Sam I am
Sr
Yor Mosthumbleters Yor Most Humble Servt
Daniel Weronb Daniel Wescomb
South Sea Htoup South Sea House
7 Aug 1718 7 Augt 1718
Mr Bowles Mr Bowles.
Our last was the 28 Jine PCspress dispatchd from Mr Our last was the 28 June P Express dispatchd from Mr
Secretary Craggs Office, which we hoped in this to have heard had Secretary Craggs Office, which we hope'd in this to have heard had
been arrivd with you, Copy of our said Letter We now Send you inclosd been arrivd with you, Copy of our said Letter We now Send you inclosd
We have since red your several Letters of We have since recd your Several Letters of
the 27 June. 4.11:18 & 25 past, & 1 Inst: with Cedula relating the 27 June. 4.11.18 & 25 past, & 1 Inst: with Cedula relating
to