Company's Tactors that went to the Several parts of the Spanish West Company's factors that went to the Several parts of the Spanish West
Indies (except in some household Goods) and that your salary comencing Indies (except in some household Goods) and that your salary comencing
from the time of your arrival at cadiz was much sooner than any of from the time of your arrival at cadiz was much sooner than any of
in theirs which did not comence till their arrival at the respective ports. in theirs which did not comence till their arrival at the respective ports.
That as to the Turniture of your house, the court have That as to the furniture of your house, the court have
been pleased to allow you ₤200 towards it (which is as much a char been pleased to allow you ₤200 towards it (which is as much a char
been allowed to any of the Factories) so as the Goods bought with that been allowed to any of the Factories) so as the Goods bought with that
money be Inwventories as the Companys Property in like manner as money be Inventories as the Companys Property in like manner as
those for the Several Factories. those for the Several Factories.
That as for any Losses that may unavvidably happen in That as for any Losses that may unavvidably happen in
Receipts of money by reason of the several Coins & Risques of cash notes Receipts of money by reason of the several Coins & Risques of cash notes
the same are all to be born by the company and the charges in the same are all to be born by the company and the charges in
choiger in acceptiug & reaus choiger in acceptiug & reaus
imploying Persons to get Bills accepted & riced & c are to be shared imploying Persons to get Bills accepted & riced & c are to be shared
to the Company's account, But the courtare of opinion you ought to the Company's account, But the courtare of opinion you ought
not to make any demand for your own trouble & pains in Receiving not to make any demand for your own trouble & pains in Receiving
Remipses and making payments to the King of Spain. Since for Remipses and making payments to the King of Spain. Since for
the future you will have occasion to make only the half yearly the future you will have occasion to make only the half yearly
payments of the Duties to the King of Spain, and the Several payments of the Duties to the King of Spain, and the Several
Officers. And for all other afairs of the Company, they have Officers. And for all other afairs of the Company, they have
provided you with an able assistant. provided you with an able assistant.
(The above £200. Youwill be credited for in your said Account (The above £200. You will be credited for in your said Account
when We have the particulars of the Goods, the money is laid out when We have the particulars of the Goods, the money is laid out
in Signed bylpn in Signed bylpn
We are Sorry to find you have not as yet beenable to We are Sorry to find you have not as yet beenable to
obtain an answer to any of the Memorials depending especially obtain an answer to any of the Memorials depending especially
that relating to the measurement of our new ship, and that for that relating to the measurement of our new ship, and that for
Diberty to transport the Goods from Carthagena to Portobelo wth Diberty to transport the Goods from Carthagena to Portobelo wth
We must press you and Mr Wgardi to Solluit with all earneitness We must press you and Mr Wgardi to Solluit with all earneitness
The Newship was Launched the 2d Instant at which his The Newship was Launched the 2d Instant at which his
Royal Highness was pleased to be present. she was named The Royal Highness was pleased to be present. she was named The
Royal Prince. We have caused the Dimentions of her Royal Prince. We have caused the Dimentions of her
to to