about 500 Surrons of Cochineal and about 50 Tuns of Logwood Sailed from about 500 Surrons of Cochineal and about 50 Tuns of Logwood Sailed from
thence in Company with Our Sarah Galley. To suppose she may be arrived thence in Company with Our Sarah Galley. To suppose she may be arrived
at ladiz that the Plota was Proclaimed the 5th March to depart at ladiz that the Plota was Proclaimed the 5th March to depart
within 50 days: but it was on all hands agreed will be the sd May within 50 days: but it was on all hands agreed will be the sd May
Our Oerabuy Factory give w a Mellanholly account of the Trade Our Oerabuy Factory give w a Mellanholly account of the Trade
there occasioned by the Coming of the Plota with so great a Quantity of there occasioned by the Coming of the Plota with so great a Quantity of
Goods whilst so many of the last Plote were remaining unsold and Goods whilst so many of the last Plote were remaining unsold and
also by their arriving so soon after the Carrying out of the Kingdom also by their arriving so soon after the Carrying out of the Kingdom
such an Immneuse sumby the Hermoine in august last and the such an Immneuse sumby the Hermoine in august last and the
distress the comerie is in by means of the Speedy departure of the Fota distress the comerie is in by means of the Speedy departure of the Fota
and that Several Plotitas who to go back with the Plote have sold their and that Several Plotitas who to go back with the Plote have sold their
Goods at from 10 d20 plt on their Invouce as cot at ladig other have Goods at from 10 d20 plt on their Invouce as cot at ladig other have
disposed their Cargoes without any advance. disposed their Cargoes without any advance.
The affair of Jonchee and the Autos relating thereto are cheifly The affair of Jonchee and the Autos relating thereto are cheifly
grounded upon his Import of Negroes between the 1st May 1713 & 1t may grounded upon his Import of Negroes between the 1st May 1713 & 1st may
1714. as youmay observe by the Certificate of thes Amportations 1714 as you may observe by the Certificate of thes Importations
formerly sent you. And should you and Mr Wyards be of opinion formerly sent you. And should you and Mr Uzardi be of opinion
that Our fate will be the same as it was in the 8378 P at Portobelo that Our fate will be the same as it was in the 8378 $ at Portobelo
because our duties did not comence till the 1d May 1714. you had then because our duties did not comence till the 1st May 1714 you had then
best not to Puss the Determination of that suit of Jonehee; but best not to Press the Determination of that suit of Jonchee; but
endeavour to lay it asleep until you can find ways and means to getil endeavour to lay it asleep until you can find ways and means to get it
Judged in Our favour as it has been in the Kings Courts in the Havana Judged in Our favour as it has been in the Kings Courts in the Havana
In the meantime do you enquire whether any of those Autor which In the meantime do you enquire whether any of those Autos which
Mr Pasil writes about are come to madrid and how the Mr Farril writes about are come to madrid and how the
Case stands with he Pasticulars of every khing Nelating hanto Case stands with he Particulars of everything Relating thereto
And We likewise require you to use your utmost Endeavours to And We likewise require you to use your utmost Endeavours to
get the aforesaid Cedula repealed which Mr Farril advises has so get the aforesaid Cedula repealed which Mr Farril advises has so
Seruiped the Govr. Dr. Pwente Ranay for Imprisoning the Fen Terrfied the Govr. Dn. Bisente Raxas for Imprisoning the French
Agents and Embaryging his Efects. Agents and Imbarging his Efects.
And should you and Mr Wardi Judge it not Probable to And should you and Mr Uzardi Judge it not Probable to
obtain what We desire in the Tut of Jonehee but that the obtain what We desire in the Tut of Jonchee but that the
Tentence Sentence