being and to act Impartally recording to such directions and as may be being and to act Impartally recording to such directions and as may be
most for our Service without fear or other respect on Account of any private most for our Services without fear or other respect on Account of any private
or Particular regard to Aucomendation or advices from any whomsewver or Particular regard to Accomendation or advices from any whomsewver
As it is highly necessary that youshould speak the Language of the As it is highly necessary that you should speak the Language of the
Country where you reside. We recomend earnestly to such of you as here Country where you reside. We recomend earnestly to such of you as have
not already attained it, that youtake all Possible care to learn the not already attained it, that you take all Possible care to learn the
same same
You are to shew all due regard & respects to the Gov. and all You are to shew all due regard & respects to the Gov. and all
o ther in Authority, and keep up and cultivate a friendship and gow others in Authority, and keep up and cultivate a friendship and good
understanding with them understanding with them
In order to your better Security & Profection in Carrying on In order to your better Security & Profection in Carrying on
Our affairs as the company is by vertue of the Assints Contract Our affairs as the company is by vertue of the Assiento Contract
to have a Judge Conservator in every province where each Factory to have a Judge Conservator in every province where each Factory
resides Youare to take care always to chuse one that is a Parion resides Youare to take care always to chuse one that is a Person
of authority and Resolution and whoe in the King of Spains Service to of authority and Resolution and whoe in the King of Spains Service to
support & Protect you and well inclined to our Interest, and toaghee support & Protect you and well inclined to our Interest, and toagree
in Council upon a reasonable salary to be allowed him, and such We in Council upon a reasonable salary to be allowed him, and such We
hope your present Judge Conservat D. Gonralo Games de Massia Goo hope your present Judge Conservat D. Gonzalo Games de Massia Govr
of veralrus. will approve himself. of Vera Cruz. will approve himself.
If any difficulties happen in the transacting our Affair If any difficulties happen in the transacting our Affair
You are always to value your celves upon your Judge Conservator for You are always to value your celves upon your Judge Conservator for
the Accomodation thereof, and to prevent, if possible, any Appeal the Accomodation thereof, and to prevent, if possible, any Appeal
to the Court of Madrid wheen may be attended with greater difficulin to the Court of Madrid wheen may be attended with greater difficulin
and charge to the Company which accomodation is to be with the and charge to the Company which accomodation is to be with the
consent and approbation of the Council consent and approbation of the Council
Youare to obcerve the assinto Contract in all its parts, You are to observe the assinto Contract in all its parts,
and particularly take care stot to give any scandal to those of the and particularly take care not to give any scandal to those of the
Roman Catholick Religion, lest thereby any damage should come Roman Catholick Religion, lest thereby any damage should come
to the Company or your selves. to the Company or your selves.
You are for the more conveniency & Safety. all to table ylire You are for the more conveniency & Safety. all to table & live
together in one house and each is to allow for the Table in together in one house and each is to allow for the Table in
Proportion to his Salary and We do direct That the President Proportion to his Salary and We do direct That the President
keep keep