and they are put into a regular Method of being redupd, Wedout fee any and they are put into a regular Method of being redressd, We don't see any
extraordinary Meason for his coming hither, neither can we account extraordinary Reason for his coming hither, neither can we account
for their Lending Mr. Swart to Lincar at the fame Juncture But we hope for their Sending M^r. Swartz to Lima at the same Juncture But we hope
it will not put it nut of your Power to cxcente the Instructions We gave it will not put it out of your Power to execute the Instructions We gave
You relating to that Factory You relating to that Factory
Our Carthagena Factory have wrote us of a Cdula Suct Our Carthagena Factory have wrote us of a Cedula Sent
Sither wch rwohes the Caula of Sepr. 1721. which gave us the fame priorleges Thither w^ch revokes the Cedula of Sep^r. 1721. which gave us the Same priviledges
as the Spaniands in respect to the sale of our Goods by the Aunual Ships & all as the Spaniards in respect to the sale of our Goods by the Annual Ships & all
other Cdulas except what are mentiond in the Arl of the Assicnto, The other Cedulas except what are mentiond in the Art of the Assiento, The
Consequence of wh is that as none of the Coulas refered to in the Assicnto Consequence of w^ch is, That as none of the Cedulas refered to in the Assiento
relate to our Annual Ships, So we are out ff from any dulas granted in relate to our Annual Ships, So we are out off from any Cedulas granted in
favour of these Ships this was of To extraordinary a Nature that we have favour of these Ships this was of So extraordinary a Nature that we have
been obliged to lay a Representation before his Majy who has been gracionstly been obliged to lay a Representation before his Ma^ty who has been graciously
pleased to give Directions thereupon to his Ambassador in Madred in pleased to give Directions thereupon to his Ambassador in Madrid in
the Strenges Term to invut on a Several & as it seems to have been done the Strongest Term to insist on a Several & as it seems to have been done
in a Clandestine Manner in the Time of the late Young Lewin without K. Lewis without
any participation to us or our Agent at Madrid, & his present C. M any participation to us or our Agent at Madrid, & his present C. M
King Philiy has again resumned the Crown, we expect Speedy & Effecture King Philip has again resumed the Crown, we expect Speedy & Effectual
We are We are
Buyh Redress
Yr affetionate Friends Y^r affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
J Lyhi Sublyin J Eyles Sub Gov^r
F Ayle F Ayle
Mradge DGeos J Rudge D Gov^r
R Wood R Wood
J Hanbury J Hanbury
L. Savill T. Savill
G. Roberts G. Roberts
H. T. Eye H. G. Eyre
N Michlethwayte N Michlethwaithe
P. Burrell P. Burrell
Shinner T. Skinner
S. Jones S. Jones
McRaper M Raper
Mr Heath W.Heath
E. Halsey E. Halsey
M. Lant M. Lant
R. Michel R. Michel