Extrects of the Trworyues Relating thereto distingushing by what Shiy thegerng- Extracts of the Invoyces Relating thereto distingushing by what Ship they came-
And as they advisce you of their Sales and to whom the Goods are to be deliverd you will And as they advise you of their Sales and to whom the Goods are to be deliverd you will
lemply therewith And in fare they shall be sold on Creast for a Longer dime then Comply therewith And in Case they shall be sold on Credit for a Longer Time than
the say of the Ship they are at their Departure to deliver the Securty Bonde the stay of the Ship they are at their Departure to deliver the Security Bondz
into your possion for you to take Core to get in the Money as they beome peyte into your possession for you to take Care to get in the Money as they become payable
the like we nave directed with Regurd to any Goods at Pots beto &e which may the like we have directed with Regard to any Goods at Porto beto &c which may
be peroper for Your Market be proper in Your Market.
Anther Matter te give Youin Clarge is that in Care Our- Another Matter we give You in Charge is, that in Case Our
Supea Cargues or the Concern under them Managment should net with Supra Cargoes on the Concern under them Management should meet with
Embarasments or Difficulty, which can not be vrercome by the Assistance of Embarrassments or Difficultys, which can not be overcome by the Assistance of
Your Judge Conseroator and they should be obliged to give scunty to abide- Your Judge Conservators and they should be obliged to give security to abide.
the King of Spains Oetemmination in his Council of Indes Genare upon The King of Spains Determination in his Council of Indies, you are upon
their Acquainting you therewith to Enter into Such Sicurty on the part of their Acquainting you therewith to Enter into Such Security on the part of
the Company This bing more frgpuer to be ane by you, than the Sugra Carges the Company This being more proper to be done by you, than the Supra Cargoes
as you remain on the Spot But the hope there will be nowceasion as you remain on the Spot But We hope there will be no occasion.
As to Mr Garthwaytes Request of being appointed a Factorat is Cur As to Mr. Garthwayles' Request of being appointed a Factor it is Our
Intention that he should succed as Junieor Fretor on the First tarancy Intention that he should succeed as Junior Factor on the First Vacancy
Weare not a little Surperised that you send Uons Books nor We are not a little Surprised that you send Us no Books nor
Accounts of the Old Dependency in Your Factory before the Arrival of Our New Accounts of the Old Dependency in Your Factory before the Arrival of Our New
Factors Nor dowsit appear to te they are any ways acquainted therewith, We have Factors Nor does it appear to Us they are any ways acquainted therewith, We hope
with the Assistance you had upon their Arrival they have been long since- with the Assistance you had upon their Arrival they have been long since-
Encluded, and the expect that if there has been any Emission in Comunicationg Concluded, and We expect that if there has been any Omission in Communicating
those Affirs to you that it be forthwith Compledwith and that the Books those Affairs to you that it be forthwith Complied with and that the Books
and Accounts Relating thereto be forthwith Returned to tls Ballaned thereman and Accounts Relating thereto be forthwith Returned to Us Ballaned. We remain
Your Affictionate Frmns Your Affectionate Friends
The purt of Directors The Court of Directors
John Eyles Sub Gos John Eyles Sub Gov^.r
Robt. Michel Rob^.t. Michel
Roger Fhurdson Roger Fludson
Nathl Michlethwaite Willm Brooke Nath^.l Michlethwaite Will^.m Brooke
Jno Rudge Dept Gov Jn^.o Rudge Dept Gov^.r
O Guardete Silliem [O Guardete Silliem]
Jab. Roberts Jab. Roberts
Thos Gearing Tho^.s Gearing
Thos Pearse Tho^.s Pearse
Sam Clarke Sam. Clarke
Jaml. Osborne Jam^.l Osborne
Ths. Ayles Tho^.s. Ayles
Saml. Jones Sam^.l. Jones
Math Raper Math Raper
Thos Frederick Tho^.s Frederick
Saml Litt Sam^.l Litt