South Sea House South Sea House
London 27 say 1717 London 27 Jany 1717
Mr. Bowles Mr. Bowles
Ma leng he e po n ele to he e Coninet of Ma leng he e po n ele to he e Coninet of
Island of Teneff to bny and stip on the said Island for Arot o ff the South Soa Island of Teneff to bny and stip on the said Island for Arot o ff the South Soa
Company, a Quentity of Goods not excording the vallue of 1560 And to Deare Company, a Quentity of Goods not excording the vallue of 1560 And to Deare
the Amount either an you or Me sr Bradyl and Storne of Cdiz Wee the Amount either an you or Me sr Bradyl and Storne of Cdiz Wee
to desire That in Case he should Draw on you, You will Htow in his Bills to desire That in Case he should Draw on you, You will Htow in his Bills
Weeare yor Loing Fionds The Comittee of Weeare yor Loing Fionds The Comittee of
Conessondence Conessondence
Ja. Bateran SubGov Ja. Bateran SubGov
John Blint John Blint
Robert Cherter Robert Cherter
Jno. Fellowes Jno. Fellowes
Soutkh Balonse London 27 Jay 177. South Sea House London 27 Jay 177.
Mes. Bradyl & Htomne Mes. Bradyl & Horne
Messrs Messrs
Aeleing the Daywer ordere to Mhe Perge Aeleing the Daywer ordere to Mhe George
Commine of the Island of Teneriff to buyland ship on the said dottand for Cummins of the Island of Teneriff to buyland ship on the said dottand for
account of the South a Company a Qantity of Grode not exceeding the account of the South a Company a Qantity of Grode not exceeding the
valud 6o1650: and to draw the Amount wither on you or M Thomas valud 6o1650: and to draw the Amount wither on you or M Thomas
Boutes the Companye Agent at Madied; Wee do desire That in Case Bowles the Companye Agent at Madied; Wee do desire That in Case
he should Drawe or Yon You willslease to Honl his Billo, and value he should Drawe or Yon You willslease to Honl his Bills, and value
your settes on Mr. Rbert Snight the Companye Casther, who will your settes on Mr. Robert Knight the Companye Casther, who will
prmotrally Distharge the Cone. Welare prmotrally Distharge the Cone. Welare
Your Lanmblerkro th Aed Com Your Lanmblerkro th Aed Com
of Conespondome of the huitl of Conespondome of the huitl
t a Cu t a Cu
Ja: Bateman Silgeo Ja: Bateman Silgeo
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
Robt Pester Robt Pester
Jno Fillowes Jno Fillowes