This Ship is obliged to take in 12000 hides and as many This Ship is obliged to take in 12000 hides and as many
more as with close Steeving you can load on board and you are to take more as with close Stowing you can load on board and you are to take
care that neither any part of her water. Stores or Provisions be put care that neither any part of her water. Stores or Provisions be put
in the Hold: but that the same be reserved intirely for the Comp goods in the Hold: but that the same be reserved intirely for the Comps goods
Inclosed is Invoice & Bill of Lading of the Goods loaded by Inclosed is Invoice & Bill of Lading of the Goods loaded by
us on the Sr Quintin Youl remark that there are in the sd Invoice2 us on the St Quintin you'l remark that there are in the sd Invoice 2
Sumarys or Castings up, the former containing the larga more Sumarys or Castings up, the former containing the Cargoe more
imediately designed for the Purchase of Negroes, and the Captn is ordered imediately designed for the Purchase of Negroes, and the Capt^n. is ordered
to deliver the Remainder thereof if any, and also the Goods to deliver the Remainder thereof if any, and also the Goods
contained in the 2d. Trimary to you as necessaryes for your selves or contained in the 2. Sumary to you as necessaries for your selves or
pegroes, if you shall require the same. negroes, if you shall require the same.
You 6 see by the said new Convention that as soon as the ship You'l see by the said new Convention that as soon as the ship
arrives at BuenosAyres you are to declare all the Goods (bro in her sto arrives at Buenos Ayres you are to declare all the Goods (brot in her) to
the Governour and Royal officers, which you are accordingly to do That the Governour and Royal officers, which you are accordingly to do That
they may be Lock'd up in Warehouses under 2 Keys to be returned to they may be Lock'd up in Warehouses under 2 Keys to be returned to
Europe, except you can come to a reasonable understanding and sofe Europe, except you can come to a reasonable understanding and safe
accomodation with the Governour & Royal Officers, and for Ourptice accomodation with the Governour & Royal Officers, and for Our future
Government omit no opportunity to write us how you succeed in this Government omit no opportunity to write us how you succeed in this
and what account it will render with what you think most proper and what account it will render with what you think most proper
to supply you with hereafter. to supply you with hereafter.
We are of Opinion that the Negroes for the 1st year coming all We are of Opinion that the Negroes for the 1st year coming all
at once was the occasion of their low prices and Ling credit, but that at once was the occasion of their low prices and Long credit, but that
the Supplies being now more gradual. You will be enabled to advance the Supplies being now more gradual. You will be enabled to advance
the price to what the Freuch formerly sold them for and to contract the price to what the French formerly sold them for and to contract
for some money down and quicker payments, from which and our other for some money down and quicker payments, from which and our other
Effects We expect youl be able to return us a considerable sum in Effects We expect you'l be able to return us a considerable sum in
Silver by this ship especially seeing you are so well provided with Silver by this ship especially seeing you are so well provided with
Hides that you need not lay out any money in them for a Considerable Hides that you need not lay out any money in them for a Considerable
time time
We are We are
Yor Loving Friends Yor Loving Friends
The Court of Directors of the The Court of Directors of the
South Sel Company South Sea Company
Jacob Jacobier Jacob Jacobier
E Gibbon E Gibbon
Hen. Durley Hen. Dudley
Pich Tench Fish Tench
Hor. Pownshend Hor. Townshend
Danl Hays Danl Hays
pleade. S Reade.
Jno. Tellowes Jno. Fellowes
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Richd Foulditch Richd Houlditch
Fra: Hewes Fra: Hawes
Cha Soye Cha Joye
Robert Cheiter Robert Chester
Ta Bateman SubGov Ja Bateman Sub Gov
Saml Shepheard Depty Saml Shepheard Depty
Wm attele Wm Astell
H Raymond H Raymond
R. Horsey R. Horsey