Instructions given by the Court of Directors of the Instructions given by the Court of Directors of the
South sea Company to Mr Wargent Nicholson Second Pactor South sea Company to Mr Wargent Nicholson Second Pactor
at the Havana at the Havana
SouthSeahouse SouthSeahouse
12 June 1718 12 June 1718
Mr. Wargent Nicholson Mr. Wargent Nicholson
Wehecont of Dirctor of the South Wehecont of Dirctor of the South
Sea Company having from the good opinion We have of yor. Integnty Sea Company having from the good opinion We have of yor. Integnty
and ability appointed you of Our Pactors at the Havana And to Act as and ability appointed you of Our Pactors at the Havana And to Act as
Second under Mr. William Parril. Do direct that you take yor Passage on Second under Mr. William Parril. Do direct that you take yor Passage on
"board the Herbert Galley Captn. David Greenhill, whom We have freighted "board the Herbert Galley Captn. David Greenhill, whom We have freighted
as the Canary ship, allowed by the Assients to carry Truit to the Spanish as the Canary ship, allowed by the Assients to carry Truit to the Spanish
West Indils. West Indils.
This ship being arrived at the canaries. You are to Apolyts This ship being arrived at the canaries. You are to Apolyts
Mr George Commyns who is under Contract as youl see by the Copy you Mr George Commyns who is under Contract as youl see by the Copy you
will receive herewith to furnish and put on board her a largoe of Wines will receive herewith to furnish and put on board her a largoe of Wines
Brandies &c The wine to be good, Pound & Merchantable and the Brandies &c The wine to be good, Pound & Merchantable and the
Se hat Mr Connyus forforn hid Brandy to be as good as the Sample Proof delivered you here wch Brandy to be as good as the Sample Proof delivered you here wch
you are to make strict examination into and in case any defect be in the you are to make strict examination into and in case any defect be in the
Wines or Brandies So as they or either of them do not come up in goodness Wines or Brandies So as they or either of them do not come up in goodness
to the Contract. Or if the Quantity contracted for be not put on board to the Contract. Or if the Quantity contracted for be not put on board
and that within the limited time. in all or any of the said cases. You are and that within the limited time. in all or any of the said cases. You are
to make due Protest and transmit us an account how much they are to make due Protest and transmit us an account how much they are
imferior in value and how much is wanting in Quautity. imferior in value and how much is wanting in Quautity.
You are also to adoise us the time of the ships arrival and You are also to adoise us the time of the ships arrival and
at Acct of the Thiys Arrial & Depair Departure from the lanaries, whether We have incurid any charge Departure from the lanaries, whether We have incurid any charge
or Demorage on account of the Goods ship's here on the said ship or Demorage on account of the Goods ship's here on the said ship
for Mr Commyns's account for Mr Commyns's account
YYou are to apply to Mr Commyns rid See that he make YYou are to apply to Mr Commyns rid See that he make
out an Invoice of the largoe to be put on board this ship as well out an Invoice of the largoe to be put on board this ship as well