to very great charges not only in the 1t cost, but in Comission duty of to very great charges not only in the 1st cost, but in Comission duty of
20 phead on Export &r which duty of 20 p head is lately laid on all 20 p head on Export &ca which duty of 20 p head is lately laid on all
negroes exported from Samaica negroes exported from Jamaica
Weare senible of the Inconveniences youmention from 5. We are senible of the Inconveniences you mention from
Selling the refuse Regroes at Jamarca, by which means they come Selling the refuse Negroes at Jamaica, by which means they come
into the hands of Sllieut Praders who carry them to the coast of into the hands of llicit Traders who carry them to the coast of
Portobels, Carthagena or the Windward Islands in Prejudice to Ouer Portobelo, Carthagena or the Windward Islands in Prejudice to Our
markets and since you can dupose of Refuse negroes at their markets and since you can dipose of Refuse negroes at their
value. We may Probably for the future send our negroes to your parts value. We may Probably for the future send our negroes to your parts
in the same ships directly fonafrica. In which ease you must be provided in the same ships directly from africa. In which case must be provided
with Provisions for the maintenance of such as are sick till they be with Provisions for the maintenance of such as are sick till they be
fit for sale and a Convenient place to muce them and then you will not fit for sale and a Convenient place to mend them and then you will not
fail of being constantly supplyd. fail of being constantly supplyd.
We shall in the Purchase of Negroes give directions to 6. We shall in the Purchase of Negroes give directions to
Our Comanders as to the Quality and assortment you write are proper Our Comanders as to the Quality and assortment you write are proper
you name Gambia regroes among those which are in esteem with you You name Gambia Negroes among those which are in esteem with you
We shall therefore forthwith freight aship thither, and if you find the We shall therefore forthwith freight a ship thither, and if you find the
Slaves are approved of you may depend on what Quantity you desire Slaves are approved of you may depend on what Quantity you desire
We are sorry the 50 Barrels of Peace sent you by our 7. We are sorry the 50 Barrels of Pease sent you by our
agents at Jamaica proved so bad an Article. You will forbid their agents at Jamaica proved so bad an Article. You will forbid their
Sending that or any other Provisions, but what will turn to Account Sending that or any other Provisions, but what will turn to Account
as We have done. as We have done.
We note the Arrival of the Greenbay Sloop at Portobles 8. We note the Arrival of the Greenbay Sloop at Portobelo
with 186 Plaves part of those Brot to Jamaica in Our Ship with 186 slaves part of those Brot to Jamaica in Our Ship
the Prince and commend your dispatch of her within the Limitted the Prince and commend your dispatch of her within the Limitted
time without meursing demorage and approve yor sending Cestipiate time without meauring demorage and approve yor sending Certificate
when Our affairs require them to stay longer of the day of their arual when Our affairs require them to stay longer of the day of their arrival
and departure. and departure.
We are please to hear from the French being 9. We are pleased to hear from the French being
excluded your markets are like to rise, and that ye sent for excluded your markets are like to rise, and that ye vent for
Negroes will be considerably augmented and that even Cen Negroes will be considerably augmented and that even Peru
and Teria Tirma will be able to take of 3 a 4000 per and Terra Firma will be able to take off 3 @ 4000 p annm
which which