thought Roper to give you at this Suncture with regard to the Companys Effects thought Proper to give you at this Juncture with regard to the Companys Effects
to which sean add nothing, but as they have ordered Mr Woodbridge of to which I can add nothing; but as they have ordered Mr Woodbridge of
Barbadores to dipatch a sloop to the Havana to tring away returne t Barbadoes to dipatch a sloop to the Havana to bring away returns. It
will be pleasing to thei that they be as ample as Possible and this they will be pleasing to theim that they be as ample as Possible and this they
my perswade themselves youl be able to do by the Methods set forth may persuade themselves you'l be able to do by the Methods set forth
in their said Letter. in their said Letter.
The Cout have red Mr Comyns Letter of the 6th June h The Court have recd Mr Commyns Letter of the 6th June NS
an tot the Heabert wth all advrsing that all he Wines are read yand in a few days should have advising that all he Wines are ready and in a few days should have
all the Braidies so upon the Heiberts Arrioal. Goul endeavour all the Brandies so upon the Herbert's Arrival you'l endeavour
all you lan to dispatchher. Expedition being of very great all you can to dispatch her. Expedition being of very great
Consequence Consequence
Iwrote you by order of the Comitee the 26th Sune under I wrote you by order of the Comitee the 26th June under
Mr Comynst Covert & the Mary Gelley Capt. Fitsgerrald which Mr Commyns's Covert of the Mary Galley Capt.^n Fitsgerrald which
Saled for the lananes about a day or tw ago. wherein you had the Saled for the Canaries about a day or two ago. wherein you had the
Charaeter of the new Govern? of the Canaries for yor Governmt Character of the new Govern.^t of the Canaries for yo.^r Governm.^t
that by all means you may avoid giving him the least offence, but that by all means you may avoid giving him the least offence, but
that you do what you can to heep up a good Correspondence witl that you do what you can to keep up a good Correspondence with
him that our Affairs may meet with no embarassmt. _ Iew him that our Affairs may meet with no embarassm^t.     - I am
S Sr
no. humble Servt. yor humble Servt.
Dan Wesomb. Seery Danl Wescomb. Secry
Mr Commyn Mr Commyns
Sorth Seehour p South Sea house 30th July 1718.
Sr
The Coutwrat you the s tune of the Halet Gally the The Court wrote you the 18 June of the Herbert Galley the
Canary ship which hope is tafely arrived. they have since reaed you of the 6th of that Canary ship which hope is safely arrived. they have since reced yors of the 6th of that
Month advising the forwardness you were in with respect to the Wines Bilraudiest Month advising the forwardness you were in with respect to the Wines & Brandies &
hope youl be able to dispatch her without any Let or Interuption. This seo hope you'l be able to dispatch her without any Let or Interuption. This serv
only to give lovee to the inclosed Packet to Mr Nicholson which upon rect. only to give Cover to the inclosed Packet to Mr Nicholson which upon rect
the Company desire you to deliver to him and in lase the Hesbert should be the Company desire you to deliver to him and in case the Herbert should be
sailed before this leaches you. Please to return the said Packet to me sailed before this reaches you. Please to return the said Packet to me
I Sr. am I am Sr
Jos Most humble Servt yor most humble Servt
Daniel Wescomb Daniel Wescomb