Factor Mr Parsons being dead And also Letters from the Governore Factor Mr Parsons being dead And also Letters from the Governore
and Royal officers of that Place of the 14th & 27t. of January in and Royal officers of that Place of the 14th & 27t. of January in
his That favour, Mr to Burnet which was We chosen answer his favour, to which We answer That Mr Burnet was chosen
according to the establishment of the Company. the Surgeons of none according to his Petn to be Surgeon at Portob & according to the establishment of the Company. the Surgeons of none
of their Factories can become sactors, for which reason We have asaboe of their Factories can become Factors, for which reason We have asaboe
appointed Mr Dumpsted third of this Factory, But in case of a appointed Mr Dumpsted third of this Factory, But in case of a
vacancy of a Surgeon at any other Place and Mr Burnet has a vacancy of a Surgeon at any other Place and Mr Burnet has a
mind to be removed. the Company will gratify him therein mind to be removed. the Company will gratify him therein
We shall take into Consideration yor Letter of Complaint We shall take into Consideration yor Letter of Complaint
against Dr Dowglass and shall advise you fnext. In the mean time against Dr Dowglass and shall advise you fnext. In the mean time
We cannot but take notice that these differences must needs be very We cannot but take notice that these differences must needs be very
destructive to our affairs. destructive to our affairs.
When Mr Bumpited or Mr Blake or either of them are When Mr Bumpited or Mr Blake or either of them are
arrived. We order that Councils be regularly held as in yor Original arrived. We order that Councils be regularly held as in yor Original
and other Instructions, and that the keys of the lash be likewise kept and other Instructions, and that the keys of the lash be likewise kept
accordingly. We are accordingly. We are
Yo Loning Frinds Yo Loving Frinds
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
Vide Portrcript to the foregoing Cark Lie Vide Portrcript to the foregoing Cark Lie
it belonging fayd in the Original warodaid) it belonging fayd in the Original warodaid)
b to the cbove Lre. b to the cbove Lre.
Papers that went Inclosed Papers that went Inclosed
Cony of the Last Letter Cony of the Last Letter
Cony of the Cadule granting Liberty for the Aanual Ris Cony of the Cadule granting Liberty for the Aanual Ris
going from Carthapna to Perto Dol going from Carthapna to Perto Dol
Ceulefora Gonl Indulso Ceulefora Gonl Indulso
Citulafot Peige Negror Cedula for Prize Negroes
Sa Bateman Siblow Sa Bateman Siblow
Sam. Shephearo Dep Sam. Shephearo Dep
Dilber Dilber
L Blackwell L Blackwell
T Hawes T Hawes
Fran Eyles Fran Eyles
Wm Hamond Wm Hamond
R ffactory R ffactory
Robert Chester Robert Chester
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Jno. Fellowes Jno. Fellowes
E Gibbon E Gibbon
Jacob Sawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
A Inglam A Inglam
Jacob Sacobren Jacob Sacobren
Charles Soye Charles Soye
Se. Child Se. Child
Wm Morley Wm Morley
A Raymond A Raymond
Sam KReade Sam KReade
Richd Houlditah Richd Houlditah
Dr. Delaparte Dr. Delaparte
Ino Blunt Ino Blunt
Con Gore Con Gore