And another Long Letter dated at Lima 15th July 1716 from Dr And another Long Letter dated at Lima 15.^th July 1716. from D.^r
Joseph Franciseo de Algamora Ussino our Judge Conservator there giving Joseph Francisco de Alzamora Ursino our Judge Conservator there giving
an account of all the Opposition made by the Prior & Consult of the an account of all the Opposition made by the Prior & Consuls of the
Tibunal of Comerce to the Publication of the Indulto and answering Tribunal of Comerce to the Publication of the Indulto and answering
their reasons for hindering the said Indulto and setting forth his seel their reasons for hindering the said Indulto, and setting forth his zeal
for his Majts Service: You will do well in our name, to thank the for his Maj.^ts Service: You will do well in our name, to thank these
Gent in a Particular manner for their aforesaid Letters wherein Gent.^n in a Particular manner for their aforesaid Letters, wherein
they have shewd so much Deel for our Service: and ie recomend they have shew'd so much Zeal for our Service: and We recomend
it to you to promote it all you can it to you to promote it all you can.
We have reced your letter of the 10th March, wherein you We have reced your letter of the 10.^th March, wherein you
mention to have sent 3 Packets to be forwarded to Madrid, either mention to have sent 3 Packets to be forwarded to Madrid, either
You mistake or else one of the Packets is missing. We having you mistake or else one of the Packets is missing. We having
red but Two. One directed to D Pedro de feronda the other reced but Two, One directed to D.^r Pedro de feronda the other
to Dr Bart de flon ye Morales londe de la Cadener wch to D.^r Bar.^me de flon y Morales londe de la Cadenaz w.^ch
We shall forward as desired We shall forward as desired
By Order of the Court of By Order of the Court of
Directors Directors
Jno Ury Jn.^o Ury
Douth Seahouse London ly South Sea house London 12^th July 1717.
Messr. Thompson Batter Messrs Thompson Pratter
and Haselwood and Haselwood
Gine. Gentn
We wrote you the 6th & 22 Peb f the We wrote you the 6th & 22nd Feb. P the
London & Herbert Galley which we are glad to hear are both safely London & Herbert Galley which we are glad to hear are both safely
arrived, and note your having dupatched the former for veralur with arrived, and note your having dispatched the former for Vera Cruz with
150 Slaves and that you detained the Herbert for want of Proper tgry 150 Slaves and that you detained the Herbert for want of Proper negroes
for Carthagena; but that you should soon be able to dispatch hee, as for Carthagena; but that you should soon be able to dispatch her, as
also a quantity of Negroes for Sr Jago de Cuba: From which place also a quantity of Negroes for St Jago de Cuba: From which place
We have letters from Messrs Cumberlege & Walsh advising in of We have letters from Messrs Cumberlege & Walsh advising us of
good Sale of Negroes on that Island, which you will continue to good Sale of Negroes on that Island, which you will continue to
Supply and forward the Conrespondence between the Factors at Supply and forward the Conrespondence between the Factors at
Cuba and those at Carthagena all youcan Cuba and those at Carthagena all you can
Since Our last We have rued yours of 21th. Nov. 3 3 18. Since Our last We have reced yours of 27th Novr 3d & 18th.
Decr Decr