St. Augustine and the loast between the River Miorago and the City of St. Augustine and the Coast between the River Miorago and the City of
Campeachy, both River & city inclusive for the managing our affairs Campeachy, both River & city inclusive for the managing our affairs
relating) to the assients and such other matters as We shall think fit to relating to the assiento and such other matters as We shall think fit to
commit to his Trust. Care & management, and have delivered to commit to his Trust, Care & management, and have delivered to
him Blank Luences or Passes under the Common Seal of the Company him Blank Licences or Passes under the Common Seal of the Company
signed by Daniel Weicomb our Secretary all dated in London the 18th signed by Daniel Wescomb our Secretary all dated in London the 18th
December last fand to be countersigned by the said Mr Woodbrdge and December last (and to be countersigned by the said Mr Woodbridge and
sealed with the Company's arms without Supporters] For Introducing from sealed with the Company's arms without Supporters) For Introducing from
the Island of Barbadoes into such Portor Ports in the north Leas of the the Island of Barbadoes into such Port or Ports in the north Seas of the
Spanish West Indies of America such & so many Negroe Slaves vizt men Spanish West Indies of America such & so many Negroe Slaves vizt men
Women, Boys & Girles as the respective Licences or Passes shall specify Women, Boys & Girles as the respective Licences or Passes shall specify
which Licences or Passes are of Two kinds. One giving Liberty to the which Licences or Passes are of Two kinds. One giving Liberty to the
Persons taking out the same to transport the Fruits of the Spanish Persons taking out the same to transport the Fruits of the Spanish
West Indies from one part thereof to another, and the other without West Indies from one part thereof to another, and the other without
such Liberty. And whereas We have also delivered unto the said such Liberty. And whereas We have also delivered unto the said
Mr Wodbridge A Power under the Compony's Seal dated also the Mr Wodbridge A Power under the Company's Seal dated also the
said 18th December for Filling up and sssuing out the said Licences said 18th December for Filling up and Issuing out the said Licences
or Passes, upon the Parties taking out the same paying a Certain or Passes, upon the Parties taking out the same paying a Certain
Indulto, and entring into Articles & Bond with Sureties for the Perform Indulto, and entring into Articles & Bond with Sureties for the. Perform:
:ance thereof, copie of both sorts of which Licences. And of the Company :ance thereof, copies of both sorts of which Licences. And of the Companies
Powee for filling up and Issuing out the same. And also of the Power for filling up and Issuing out the same. And also of the
Respective articles adapted to eachsort of Licence as the same are Printed Respective articles adapted to each sort of Licence as the same are Printed
in Plank and Delivered to Mr Woodbridge you have herewith in, Blank and Delivered to Mr. Woodbridge you have herewith
And Whereas We have also delivered unto the said Duelley And Whereas We have also delivered unto the said Dudley
Woodbridge a Power under the Company's Seal dated the 18th Dec. Woodbridge a Power under the Company's Seal dated the 18th Dec.
authorizing him or his Substitutes in the name and to the uue of the authorizing him or his Substitutes in the name and to the uue of the
company to Seize & Confiscate or lay an Indulto on all regioes company to Seize & Confiscate or lay an Indulto on all Negroes
unduly Imported, or which shall be unduly imported, as well unduly Imported, or which shall be unduly imported, as well
before as since the Present assients, into all or any the Ports or Plaw before as since the Present assiento, into all or any the Ports or Places
of the Windward Coast from the Rio Ownoco to the Rio Grande of the Windward Coast from the Rio Oronoco to the Rio Grande
Magdelena, botheRwees Inclusive. Including also therein the Magdelena, both Rivers Inclusive. Including also therein the
Islands of Hispaniola, St. Iuan de Pueto Rico, Frinidad Islands of Hispaniola, St. Juan de Puerto Rico, Trinidad
Margarital Margaritas