the future may send the Nagroes to your Parts in the same ships directly the future may send the Negroes to your Parts in the same ships directly
from Afriea. In which case you must be Provided with Govisions for from Africa. In which case you must be Provided with Provisions for
the Mantenance of such as are Sick till they are fit forsale and a the Maintenance of such as are Sick till they are fit fo sale and a
Convenient Place to hurse them whence you will dispose of em as soon Convenient Place to nurse them whence you will dispose of em as soon
as Saleable, and then you will not fail of being constantly Supplied as Saleable, and then you will not fail of being constantly Supplied
which will enable you to sell in parcels. This will prevent the which will enable you to sell in parcels. This will prevent the
great charges We have been hitherto at in Picking out Refuse and great charges We have been hitherto at in Picking out Refuse and
putting in others, which at the same time has not as We perceive by putting in others, which at the same time has not as We perceive by
advice answered in the end We Proposed beside Comrs and a duty of 20 advice answered in the end We Proposed beside Comn and a duty of 20S
I head lately laid on all Negroes exported from Jamaica It will also be  P head lately laid on all Negroes exported from Jamaica It will also be
a means to prevent the refuse Negroes falling into the hands of Illicit Tradey a means to prevent the refuse Negroes falling into the hands of Illicit Trades
who carry them to the Spanish West Indies in Prejudice to Our Markets who carry them to the Spanish West Indies in Prejudice to Our Markets
Concerning Govr Royr Of Judges Conserv and Concerning Govrs Royl Offrs. Judges Conservs and
other officers. other officers.
We note wt you write as to the Parts the Sevl off Facted in We note wt you write as to the Parts the Sevl offers acted in
the Affair of the Bedfords Seizure how well the Contader Dr. Barth. Pienda the Affair of the Bedfords Seizure how well the Contador Dn. Barth. Tienda
deluervo behaved himself to whom youl return our thanks. de Cuervo behaved himself to whom you'l return our thanks.
We have writ to Our agents at Madied in behalf of your We have writ to Our agents at Madrid in behalf of your
advocate Dr alexos Dias ye Mllunos in relation to his Pretensions of advocate Dn alexos Dias ye Ellunos in relation to his Pretensions of
succeding the present Attorney Genl. of Carthagena as you recomend. succeding the present Attorney Genl. of Carthagena as you recomend.
Concerning Merchandize Concerning Merchandize
We have Received Accot of Sales of Goods from 21 March 176 to We have Received Acco^t of Sales of Goods from 21 March 1716 to
Also March the following year amounting to 174754 P and the Pattarn Also March the following year amounting to 174754 $ and the Pattern
and Samples proper for Cathagena & Perl and Samples proper for Cathagena & Peru
We observe the Precautions you adviseus to take in relation to the Annual We observe the Precautions you advis us to take in relation to the Annual
ship dsigned for your Pasts and your Lawyers opinion relating thereto. We have ship dsigned for your Parts and yo^ur Lawyers opinion relating thereto. We have
given Our agents at Madrid such Ample Directions to have the cedule very expres given Our agents at Madrid such Ample Directions to have the cedula very expres
and Plain that she may go to Carthagena and Portobelo, both or either and may sellher and Plain that she may go to Carthagena and Portobelo, both or either and may sell her
Lading in Part or the whole at both or either of the said Ports according to the Lading in Part or the whole at both or either of the said Ports according to the
time Limitted by the Late Convention, and that in this Cedula it be provided time Limitted by the Late Convention, and that in this Cedula it be provided
that the ship. iare now building particularly may be admitted as the nast am that the ship. we are now building particularly may be admitted as the next annl.
ship without Intervention of Govr Royal officers or others as to measurement ship without Intervention of Gov^r Royal officers or others as to measurement
of her or her cargee. But if that cannot be Procured. Then that the said Chata of her or her cargoe. But if that cannot be Procured. Then that the said Cedula
only only