The Comittee of accounts have examined your Books and Accounts The Comittee of accounts have examined your Books and Accounts
sent us o the Herbert Galley. on which he make the following remarks sent us P the Herbert Galley on which we make the following remarks
and objections. and objections.
To House Expenies. In yor answer to our objections to Bockest 1st House Expences. In yor answer to our objections to Books A
We observe there are Several sums charged for Washing, Table & BedLimen We observe there are Several sums charged for Washing, Table & BedLinen
amounting to 88 £1r with sundry articles of the Like nature in the amounting to 88 $ 1r with sundry articles of the Like nature in the
Books lately transmited us together with 9301 pr Js. for hour begis Books lately transmited us together with 9301 [pr Js]. for hour keeping
which is carried into yor new Books by Balance. This Expence you which is carried into yo.^r new Books by Balance. This Expence you
must be sensible is a Charge upon your Selves. And We expect that must be sensible is a Charge upon your Selves and We expect that
You debit each Person for the same proportionable to his Salary You debit each Person for the same proportionable to his Salary
2d. As to Salaries. We note that you frequently charge us for 2d as to Salaries. We note that you frequently charge us for
a Quarter reced. without mentioning from what time or whin due a Quarter reced. without mentioning from what time or when due
You may very well remember that by Our orders the Comencement You may very well remember that by Our orders the Comencement
was to take Place from the time of your arrival at Carhagene was to take Place from the time of your arrival at Carthagena
which you are to Regulate accordingly. which you are to Regulate accordingly.
3d Concerning Negroes youare for the future to Exect a head of 3d Concerning Negroes you are for the future to Erect a head of
Negror Provnores & necessaries wherein to Place the same Debiting Negroe Provisions & necessaries wherein to Place the same Debiting
each Ships account fortheir Boportions each Ships account for their Proportions
When you pay any Post charges. Tees to the Officers & t. upon When you pay any Port charges Fees to the Officers & ca upon
any Regroes Ship. You must place such Charges to the Proper head any negroes Ship. You must place such Charges to the Proper head
of each ships Account of Negroes, intead of Canrying them to Contingent of each ships account of negroes, intead of Carrying them to Contingent
Charges, as We take notice you have done for those of the Charle, lap Charges, as We take notice you have done for those of the Charles, sloop
Sarah Galley, George Augutius & Sloop Mercury. Sarah Galley, George Augutus & Sloop Mercury.
You are also to send us certificates of the Mortality of Negroe You are also to send us certificates of the Mortality of negroes
pastrcularying the time when they died, their number, and by wha particularizing the time when they died, their number, and by what
Ship Ships.
Youare likewise to erect a General head of Regroes, wherea You are likewise to erect a General head of negroes, wherein
to carry the amount of the debit & credit of each ships negroes
with their Numbers Imported & sold, whereby the remaining Regroc with their Numbers Imported & sold, whereby the remaining negroes
will will