detaining the Companys ships on any account whatsoever and another detaining the Company's ships on any account whatsoever and another
that none but the Governour & Royal Officers, put Guards on board the that none but the Governour & Royal Officers, put Guards on board the
assients ships to visit and search them and that no longer than needs must Assiento ships to visit and search them and that no longer than needs must
All which youare to put in execution so as may be most for our All which you are to put in execution so as may be most for our
Service. Service.
Inclosed are several Letters mentioned in the Inclosed Liet for your Inclosed are several Letters mentioned in the Inclosed List for yours
and parts adjaient which we have been desired to forward and you will and parts adjacent which we have been desired to forward and you will
take care to do accordingly take care to do accordingly.
te approve of your having appointed Mr Weltden to a ssit We approve of your having appointed Mr: Weltden to  assist
the Factory at Portobels upon Mr Sliteis death and shall ina few days the Factory at Portbelo upon Mr Sliter's death and shall in a few days
take into consideration the filling up the vacancies in the Pactoriesat take into consideration the filling up the vacancies in the Factories at
Panama & Portobelo when Mr Grimes may be expected to be Panama & Portobelo when Mr Grimes may be expected to be
appointed cheif. Mr Newland Second Mr Parsons Third and appointed cheif. Mr Newland Second, Mr. Parsons Third, and
Mr. Weltoen fouth. Mr. Weltden fouth.
We remain We remain
Yor Loving friends Yo.^r Loving friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors.
Answerd 20 Jany 1718 Answerd 20 Jan:^ry 1718.
Ja Bateman Sub Go Ja Bateman Sub Gov^.r
Charles Toye Charles Joye
Saml Shepheard Dept Sam.^l Shepheard Dep.^ty
A Raymond H Raymond
Sarcourt Master Harcourt Master
Wm. Hammmond W.^m Hammmond
Wm Chapman W.^m Chapman
Richd Houlditch Rich.^d Houlditch
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Daniel Haw Daniel Hays
Fram. Cufes Fran.^s Eyles
Jno Fellgrrs Jn.^o Fellowes
Jacob Jacobsen Jacob Jacobsen
Geo: Caswall Geo: Caswall
Rd. Horsey R.^d Horsey
Robert Chester Robert Chester
Jacob Sawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Sam. Reade Sun Sam. Reade Jun^r
PS PS.
We have read the open Letters you sent tis directed to the King We have read the open Letters you sent us directed to the King
of Spain One from the Royal Audience dat Neo. 20 1716 setting of Spain, one from the Royal Audience dat. Nov.^r 20 1716. setting
forth the regular proceedings of Mr Grimes and the Molestation given forth the regular proceedings of Mr Grimes and the Molestation given
to Our affairs by the Marquis of Villa Rocha Prend? of Raname to Our affairs by the Marquis of Villa Rocha Presid.^t of Panama.
Another dated 11 Mar lait from Dr. Tuan Choreno de Orquela Another dated 11 Mar: last from D.^r Juan Choreno de Orquela
giving notice of his being chosen Our Council as he had been for the giving notice of his being chosen Our Council as he had been for the
French at a Salary of 800p p Ann and that he had used and French at a Salary of 800£ p Ann and that he had used and
would continue his best endeavours to serve the company). would continue his best endeavours to serve the company.
And And