Pnce, in which its nedles to recomend that it be managed as freguly Price, in which its nedless to recomend that it be managed as frugully
as may be. And that you give all possible dispatch. and do the sawe as maybe, And that you give all possible dispatch, and do the same
for the Sarak Galley, of Capt. Raymond Judges it necessary. for the Sarah Galley, if Capt Raymond Judges it necessary.
We remain We remain
Yor Loving Frends the Courtof Diet Yor Loving Friends the Court of Directr
of the SouthSea Company of the South Sea Company
Ja. Orteman SubGov. Ja. Bateman Sub Gov.^r
R. Horrey R.^d Houey
Sam Shepheard Sepy Sam Shepheard Depy.
Jno Blunk Jn.^o Blunt.
Wm Chapman W.^m Chapman
R Houlditch R.^d Houlditch
Ffar: Master Har: Mastez
Sam Reade Jun Sam.^e Reade Jun.
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Cha Joys Cha: Joye.
Fran Eyles Fran. Eyles
A Rasmond H Raymond
Geo: Caswall Geo: Caswall
Wm. Hamond W.^m Hamond
Jno Tellowes Jn.^o Fellowes
Dan: Hays Dan: Hays.
Jacob Jacobren Jacob Jacobsen
Instructions given by the Court of Ducters Instructions given by the Court of Disectors
of the Royal Assiento Company of Great Britain of the Royal Assiento Company of Great Britain
to Mr Charles Reade Elected President or Chief to M.^r Charles Reade Elected President or Chief.
Messrs Tho: Bedell, WilliamClarke, John Newton Mess.^rs Tho. Bedell, William Clarke, John Newton
and John Strode Factors and David Patton and John Strode Factors, and David Patton
Surgeon to the said Company at Lavera Crun Surgeon. to the said Company at La Vera Cruz
Duplicate of the Sonall Gally
and to the Companys Officers there for the time being and to the Company's Officers there for the time being
Gent Gent.^n:
We the Court of Directors of the Royal Brtish We the Court of Directors of the Royal British
Aficerto Company, reposing special Pot and confidence in you heve Assiento Company, reposing special Trust and confidence in you have
chosen you into our Service at Laveraxru2. To Act in the following chosen you into our Service at Lavera Cruz. To Act in the following
Stations or2 Stations viz.^t
Charles Reade as President or Cheif Charles Reade , as President or Cheif.
Tho Bedell as accountant Tho Bedell, as accountant
William Clarke as Weschousekeeper Secretary & Refiner William Clarke as Wase housekeeper, Secretary & Refiner
John John