Agents Messrs Thompson. Pratter & Hazelwood at Jamaica who have
our orders to Supply you with the same.
And you are by all occasions either directly home or by way of Jamaica
or old Spain to give us advice of your whole procedings for Our Government hee
at home. You are always to endeavour to sell whole cargoes of Negroes as
once and from time to time the sloops & ships which bring the Negroes, back to Jamaica
with Logwood consigned to our agents there to be sold by them for our and
taking care that you pay no freight for the same nor detain the Vessels.
and at the same time send an Invoice of the lost, & continue doing
so untill our said agents advise you it will not turn to Account
You are not to send Any Fustick. for the same will not turn
to account. Neither are you to send or suffer to be sent any Cochineal
or Indigo on board those Sloops or vessels either for your Own Account
Our accounts or for account of any other Person whatsoever
You are by no means to make a retale trade of the Cargoes. by
this Present or any of our future Annual shyo: but to encourage a
wholesale trade whereby to Amimate the Merchants of the greatest
substance to deal with you for quantities, and if possible such as can or
may deat with you for the whole cargoe at once and pay down the value
thereof in money, whereby you may be enabled to purchase the
Cochineal Indico & c with ready money upon the lowest Terme and
give Durships a quick dispatch with returns of the whole Cargoe.
We expect your ample advice by all opportunities of what
sorts of Goods are most likels to turn to Account in yor parts. That
We may be able to regulate our selves ind future Cargoes for your
market by the annuel ship. And tho' We aim cheifly at a great
consumption of our English manufactures, yet you are not to omit
the Partricularzing to us the Several Comodities which take less room than
Our Woollen Goods do, and be particular in the prices they will sell for
and what quantitie you can dispose of whereby We shall be enabled to
make the ship so much the richer
We hope you have sold all the Goods of the Elizabeth, but
should