See that the accountant keep up the Books, and transmit us either directly See that the accountant keep up the Books, and transmit us either directly
or by way of Samaue twice a year a Duplicate of the Journel & Ledger containing or by way of Jamaica twice a year a Duplicate of the Journel & Ledger containing
an Account of the Quantity and Quelity of all the Goods bought & sold, the name an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all the Goods bought & sold, the name
of the Person of or to whom the Price. what at time and how long and wth of the Person of or to whom the Price. what at time and how long and wth
for readymoney, and also the like account with respect to the negroes, and al for ready money, and also the like account with respect to the negroes, and all
the same time send us an Account of what Goods remain unsold, what debto the same time send us an Account of what Goods remain unsold, what debts
are outstanding and what Securities you have for them are outstanding and what Securities you have for them.
That there Instructions and the covenants entered into by the Pactore That there Instructions and the covenants entered into by the Factors
be every mouth read in Council, in order to remind them of their duty be every mouth read in Council, in order to remind them of their duty
to the Company by a Faithfull. Prudent and Inductrious management. to the Company by a Faithfull. Student and Industrious management.
of their afairs. of their affairs.
And that it be cutred into the council Book when he same were read And that it be entred into the council Book when the same were read
That in the absnce oi sickness of the President the rext in Station take That in the absence or sickness of the President the rext in Station take
upon him the care of what We have above comitted to the President. upon him the care of what We have above comitted to the President.
That the Accountant keep the Books, consisting of a last Book That the Accountant keep the Books, consisting of a Cash Book
Nat Book Tournal & Leidge whichare to contain an account of the Quantity Wast Book, Journal & Leidger, which are to contain an account of the Quantity)
and Quality of all the Godds bought & sold. the name of the Rison of or to whou and Quality of all the Goods bought & sold. the name of the Person of or to whom
the Preat which, what at time and now long, and what forready money, and the price of which, What at time and how long, and what for ready money, and
also the like account with resput to pegroes with whatever else is proper also the like account with respect to Negroes with whatever else is proper
to come into the Companys Books. to come into the Companys Books.
He is also purmant to the 20th By Law in that behielf (of which He is also purmant to the 20th By Law in that Behalf (of which
you have herewith Copy) to balane the Booke once a year which wedued you have herewith Copy) to balance the Books once a year, which we direct
you to do to every 27th June and traunit us Copies by the next opportunity. you to do to every 24th June and transmit us Copies by the next opportunity.
following. In hencan time you are to keep up a Copy of the tounal & ygee following. In the mean time you are to keep up a Copy of the Journal & Ledger
and send them to us thrce a year as before directed and send them to us twice a year as before directed.
That the Ware housekeeper. hap an Exact and listinct account of the That the Ware house keeper. keep an Exact and distinct account of the
Several Speies of Goods riced by each ship and of the Riposal hereof with Several Species of Goods reced by each ship and of the Riposal hereof with
he time when sold the Person to whom told and the Quautity, Quelity and the time when sold the Person, to whom sold and the Quautity, Quality and
price. which every individual peue was sold at, and what for ready money price. which every individual piece was sold at, and what for ready money
and what at time and what at time
That he hilewie keep a Particular and dustinct account of all Goods That he likewise keep a Particular and distinct account of all Goods
brought and the tane when Reced into the Waxhouse or come under hu care brought and the time when Reced into the Warehouse or come under her care
the the