him to measure the ship. and in his absence the vice Admiral at his. him to measure the ship. and in his absence the vice Admiral at his
charge with the Concurience of the Royal officers &? on arrical at Vera charge with the Concurience of the Royal officers & ca on arricvl at Vera
Coue Cruz
Youl observe that according to this Cedula. if upon inceasurement Youl observe that according to this Cedula. if upon measurement
of the ship there should any crcess be found above the 650 Tuns of Jnsin of the ship there should any excess be found above the 650 Tuns of Pmission
(which is not to cxced 50 Tins) the same is to be discounted from the (which is not to exceed 50 Tuns) the same is to be discounted from the
following year's Cargoe, and if she should exced 50 suns, the over: following year's Cargoe, and if she should exced 50 suns, the over:
phus is to be conticated out of the most valuable part of the Cargoe: plus is to be confiscated out of the most valuable part of the Cargoe:
Youare therefore to be very circumspect in the measurenent to be You are therefore to be very circumspect in the measurenent to be
made either of the ship or largoe. for Wecannot tell how far the hopes made either of the ship or Cargoe. for We cannot tell how far the hopes
of Confication may induce them to strain the measurement. We have of Confiscation may induce them to strain the measurement. We have
been very Cautious in building this ship, that the should not exceed the been very Cautious in building this ship, that she should not exceed the
650 Puns allowed by the New Convention. And We have caused her to be 650 Tuns allowed by the New Convention. And We have caused her to be
measured by one Mr Seatliff a Mathomatician & Sworn Measurer measured by one Mr Scatliff a Mathematician & Sworn Measurer
according to the ppanish Rule of Measurement contained in a book according to the spanish Rule of Measurement contained in a book
Pranslation whereof your President has with him] Entitled. The (Translation whereof your President has with him) Entitled. The
Rule of Trade Established in Spain for the Trade in the Wit Rule of Trade Established in Spain for the Trade in the West
Indils and doubtless the Original in Spanish you may find in yo. Indies and doubtless the Original in Spanish you may find in yor.
parts: which book is rechon'd to be very well done And We sad parts: which book is reckon'd to be very well done And We send
You the measurement made by said Mr Seatliff in the presence of You the measurement made by said Mr Scatliff in the presence of
a Nrofary Publick, by which you will see the measures but 623100s a Notary Publick, by which you will see the measures but 623 17/100s Ts
which measurement We sent to Mr Bowles at Madrid to be examd which measurement We sent to Mr Bowles at Madrid to be examd
by the King of Spains Swoen Measurer which he procured him to do by the King of Spains Sworn Measurer which he procured him to do
(but extrajudicially) and he makes her measurement but 617 tuns and (but extrajudicially) and he makes her measurement but 617 tuns and
Mr Reade your President and Captn. Raymond are both fully intrated Mr Reade your President and Captn. Raymond are both fully intrusted
in meaturing a ship according to the said Spanish Rule, so that we in meaturing a ship according to the said Spanish Rule, so that we
hope there can be no difficulty) or dispute about the admittance or measure hope there can be no difficulty) or dispute about the admittance or measure
ment of the ship. ment of the ship.
If they should go by way of measuring the Goods of the lagse, with If they should go by way of measuring the Goods of the Cargoe, wch
by the Present ledula, they are no ways authorized to do and you must by the Present Cedula, they are no ways authorized to do and you must
avoid if possible, and if compelld thereto. make a Legal protect avoid if possible, and if compelld thereto, make a Legal protest
against it. You are to observe that according to said Cedula a trun against it. You are to observe that according to said Cedula a tun