however Our agent will endeavour to see and know what your audiencia has however Our agent will endeavour to see and know what your audiencia has
sent to the Council and Solicit a Diipatch accordingly. We are sent to the Council and Solicit a Diipatch accordingly. We are
Yor Loving Friends the Court of Director Yor Loving Friends the Court of Director
of the South Sea Company. of the South Sea Company.
Ja Bateman LubGor Ja Bateman LubGor
E Gibbon E Gibbon
Sam Shegheard Depy Sam Shegheard Depy
Ac. Child Ac. Child
Ro. Chaplin Ro. Chaplin
Wr Morley Wr Morley
Sam Reade Sam Reade
John Lambert John Lambert
Fran: Eyles Fran: Eyles
Harcoust Master Harcoust Master
Cha Soye Cha Soye
Wm Hamond Wm Hamond
Ao Horsey Ao Horsey
Dila Porke Dila Porke
Ono Tellowes Ono Tellowes
JacobLawbridge JacobLawbridge
Jacob Jacobsen Jacob Jacobsen
Jno Plunt Jno Plunt
Richd Houlditch Richd Houlditch
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
A. Ingram A. Ingram
P.S. We have also wrote Mr Bowles Concerning the P.S. We have also wrote Mr Bowles Concerning the
5558 & embargd in the Royal loffees by way of deprit, to which 5558 & embargd in the Royal loffees by way of deprit, to which
he answer, that it is not to be understoed like a debt of said Royt. he answer, that it is not to be understoed like a debt of said Royt.
cofers or orders given on them, but that it is his opinion the cofers or orders given on them, but that it is his opinion the
off theselves are anusceable for all Depoiits without some greet off theselves are anusceable for all Depoiits without some greet
& apprient Emergeny but not answerable for paymt. of Detts on & apprient Emergeny but not answerable for paymt. of Detts on
orders on them, so that you are to govern yo elves accordingly orders on them, so that you are to govern yo elves accordingly
1o James Pym Esqr and the rest of the 1 James Pym Esqr and the rest of the
Factors to the Royals apiento Company at Factors to the Royals assiento Company at
Carthagen a Carthagena
South Sea house South Sea house
London 26th Febry 1777 London 26th Febry 1777
Denty Gentn
We wrote you vra Jamaila the 2d & 15h Sany of the hrak We wrote you via Jamaica the 2d & 15h Jany P the Sarah
Capt. Atchison with Duplicate of the Ludlow Castle Man of Warlagh Capt. Atchison with Duplicate of the Ludlow Castle Man of War Captn
Whitworth the first being answer to all your Letters then come to hand Whitworth the first being answer to all your Letters then come to hand
and the Latter in relation to the transporting the Bedford's Goods and the Latter in relation to the transporting the Bedford's Goods
from from