sending thither his Agent or Attorncey for putting the s. Cod. in sending thither his Agent or Attorncey for putting the sd. Ceda. in
Execution And the Court of Directors having considerd the Justice of Execution And the Court of Directors having considerd the Justice of
the Case, & perised the Cos. wth is very ample & full, they thought the Case, & perised the Ceda. wch is very ample & full, they thought
fit to grant his Request, & lest the Gov. might chicano with him, a fit to grant his Request, & lest the Govr. might chicane with him, or
the Corres pondence on that Acco be protracted before the Cet should be the Correspondence on that Accot. be protracted before the Ceda should be
compled with, they allowd him three Lycenses for not exaeiding to Reg= complied with, they allowd him three Lycenses for not exceeding 10 Negs
each, the sloops to proceed at such Distances of Tune one after another each, the sloops to proceed at such Distances of time one after another
as he should see most expedient to answer the aforesaid Purpose for as he should see most expedient to answer the aforesaid Purpose; for
w Negroes he agred to pay the Comps. the usual Iudults of 8o f wch Negroes he agred to pay the Compa. the usual Indults of 8o $
p ps of India the Lycenses running without the Liberty of carrying p ps of India the Lycenses running without the Liberty of carrying
puits And are under the Comp. Seal Dated in London 3 Octr 1723 the fruits And are under the Comps. Seal Dated in London 3 Octr 1723 the
Negrees to be marke at Barbadoes with the Ass: Mark Sent to the Negroes to be markd at Barbadoes with the Asso: Mark Sent to the
Comp. Attorneys therefor that Purpose being like that as is ueed by Comp. Attorneys there for that Purpose being like that as is used by
the Factors alroad, This I thought proper to inform you of that the Factors abroad, This I thought proper to inform you of that
the Revocations wth the Comps. have lately sent You may not the Revocations wch the Compa. have lately sent You may not
prejudice these Lycenses, And that in lase it be taken notice of prejudice these Lycenses, And that in Case it be taken notice of
by the Spaniards, as interfering with the other Lycenses from Your by the Spaniards, as interfering with the other Lycenses from Your
Island You may Satisfy them therein Island You may Satisfy them therein
Mr. Harris having also, as he alledges, another Sum die to Mr. Harris having also, as he alledges, another Sum due to
him at the Caraceas is desirous of taking out a Lycense for that him at the Caraccas is desirous of taking out a Lycense for that
place, concerning wth I presume hill write you, and if you can place, concerning wch I presume he'll write you, and if you can
wth regard to the recovering his money I dare venture to 
day it will be acceptable to Sr John Eyles by whoe Leave I write say it will be acceptable to Sr John Eyles by whoe Leave I write
this Iain this I am
Gente Gentn
Yor mos humbl Ssevl Yor most humble Servt
D.W. D.W.
6. Decr. 1724 6. Decr. 1724
South lar dorwse Lond. South Sea House Lond.