Wehan Roderd the Copt to the in at the Madmas so 6o We have ordered the Cap.^t to take in at the Maderas 50 or 60
fiyges of thre forom Messr. Hayward and Reder for the Us of On actorn pipes of wine from Mess.^r. Hayward and Rider for the Use of Our Factoryes
to take in at Medeira 50. or bo lypes. which you will Receive and forward
which you will Receive and forward Inclosed is Invoyce and Bill of lading of a Chest of Medicines
Intard is Surye and Bill of tring of a Chut of Mediaimes shipd on this Sloop for the Use of the porto belo Factory which youl alo
Medicines for forto bello toctory We also Send you this Sloops Sundry Stores for the Use of

thiyd on this Sogn for the Ue of the portable Factory which youl alo Our sloops as  the Inclosed Bill of Lading and Invoyce

foadrd We Note M.^r. Sissons being gone again to Carraccas and

Weals Send you f this Soye Sundry Stors for the theof that his Agent is likewise at Curassao, We hope the Methods We have taken

Sore for h seraps of Granting licenses at Jamiaca will present his Carrying on any further

Our sopes as o the Inclared Bill of Lading and Invoye (Candestine Trade Colour of Our Authority)

We Noly Mr. Sepsons bing gone again to Coraceas and Our last letters from Mess.^rs. Withers and Maceleur Our Attorneys

that his Agent is likewise at Curapons, We hope the Methods We have taken at Barbadoes are Silent whether Sisson was still there or not, but as he was

at feon th gent Married in that Island We Imagind he might settle there and Adjust Our

of Granting licenses at Jamarea will present his Carrying on any further Demands To which End he has drawn out his Accounts Current to herein he

(Candwtine Indeunder Colour of Our Authority Charges himself with all the Negroes Introdue'd by him (as he Alledges) distingusting
 what were before the War and what Since, and Offers pretty near the Indults,
 We Agreed, but on the other hand he gives himself Such Extraordinary Credits
 on Account of his Sufferings and Charges during the War and Since, in Amount
 to near the supposed Dept: which can not be Allowed: But You may Expect to by Our
 next to hear further from Us on this Subject.
 Inclosed is a Cedula we lately Received from Madrid which it seems were
 precur'd at the Instigation of M.^r Sission unknown to Us, it is dircated to the
 Governour of Venesuela Ordering him fortheith to finish Autos on the
 Imbargment of the Good and Effect of James Maths on Account of illicit
 Intoductions, Among which was Credit due to the Company for upwards of 50,000 pence,

Our last letters from Messrs. Withers and Macleur Our Attonay
at Barbadoes are Silent whether Sisson was still there or not, but as he was
Married in that Island We Imagind he might settle there and Adjnst Out
Demands To which End he has drawn out his Accounts furent wherein he
abt Sissons Accot.
Cherges himself with all the Negroes Introtucd by him Cashe Allege atinguting
what were before the War and what since, and Offers pretty near the Mnoult
We Agred, but on the other hand he gives himself Such Eataordinary Cousth
on Account of his Sufferings and Charges during the War and Sence, w Aond
to near the suppased Deft. which can not be Allowed But you may Expect to by Our
shall heer further
neat to hear further from Us on this Subject
Incloed is a Cnla we lately Received from Madred which it sumns we
procued at the Intigation of Mr. lesson unknown to te it is Oreted to the
alsd rlating to fch of Lames
De Mabtes cnbargd at varsale Governour of Knesuela Ordering him fortheith to finish Auts on the
Inburgment of the Good and Effect of James Maths on Account of Slut-
Intoduction, Among which was Coit due to the Company for yward of seraef
50,000 pd one to the Company