Indies without Subjecting either hir or her Cargoe to be measured there Indies without Subjecting either her or her Cargoe to be measured there
This Wedon't doubt but We shall obtain and hope it will effectually This We don't doubt but We shall obtain and hope it will effectually
answer Our expectation, and prevent Our being again embarass'd on that answer Our expectation, and prevent Our being again embarass'd on that
head. head.
We have obtained a litula for Liberty for Our Annual ship and We have obtained a Cedula for Liberty for Our annual ship and
Cargoe, both of the Carthagena & Portobels Markets. and trading as Cargoe, both of the Carthagena & Portobelo Markets. and trading as
practised by the Galleons. of which ledula We now send you copy- practised by the Galleons. of which Cedula We now send you copy-
Inclosed for your Government. The original We shall send by the Inclosed for your Government. The original We shall send by the
Annualshyp, as also an Authenitick certificate of this Annualships Annualship, as also an Authentick certificate of this Annualships
measurement which may be produced on Occasion, tho' We hope there measurement which may be produced on Occasion, tho' We hope there
will be no occasion, the Cedula Weare getting being absolute for will be no occasion, the Cedula We are getting being absolute for
her admission without any regard to remeasurement, it being her admission without any regard to remeasurement, it being
grounded on the measurement here grounded on the measurement here
She will begin to take in Goods Directly and depart hence by She will begin to take in Goods Directly and depart hence by
the Middle of July. the Middle of July.
Youare to observe that this ship being arrived at Carthagena or Youare to observe that this ship being arrived at Carthagena or
Pastobelo (the Galleons not coming ( is not according to the Convention Portobelo (the Galleons not coming) is not according to the Convention
obliged to stay longer before the Delivery & sale of her Cargoe than obliged to stay longer before the Delivery & sale of her Cargoe than
4 Mo.; But maysell the same without any Obstacle or hindrence 4 [Mo.^s]; But may sell the same without any Obstacle or hindrance
We have given Orders to Our Carthagena Factory that upon We have given Orders to Our Carthagena Factory that upon
thes ships arrival at Carthagena they forthwith give notice to you this ships arrival at Carthagena they forthwith give notice to you
that you may make the Proper dispositions for the Sale of such part that you may make the Proper dispositions for the Sale of such part
of the caryoe as is designed for your Parts, at the end of the 4 Mo. of the cargoe as is designed for your Parts, at the end of the 4 [Mo.^s]
she is obliged to Stay. And seeing she is obliged to stay 4 Mo. 1e she is obliged to Stay. And seeing she is obliged to stay 4[Mo.^s] We
hope it will of this use as to give time for the Buyers to whom hope it will of this use as to give time for the Buyers (to whom
you are to signify it) to come down with their money. you are to signify it) to come down with their money.
In the Interim We do again repeat our Directions that you In the Interim We do again repeat our Directions that you
make all Possible dupatch in the Sales of the Bedfords Goods that make all Possible dispatch in the Sales of the Bedfords Goods that
the Warchouses may be empty on the Arrival of this ship, and as the the Warehouses may be empty on the Arrival of this ship, and as the
Galleons do not as We are well assured come this Year. We have geat Galleons do not as We are well assured come this Year. We have great
reason reason