You mut be very Particular in acquainting us how many are contained You must be very Particular in acquainting us how many are contained
in the Bills of Lading, the number you actually reced, and how many in the Bills of Lading, the number you actually reced, and how many
died in their Passoge to your Port. And that the Captains make affidavit of died in their Passage to your Port. And that the Captains make affidavit of
Such Mortality that We may be Setified they have made a right ducharge Such Mortality that We may be Satisfied they have made a right discharge
Whereas our lanary ship the Herbert Galley is as the advised you in Whereas our Canary ship the Herbert Galley is as We advised you in
herway to veralrng to touch at the Havana and deliver such surt of her herway to vera Cruz to touch at the Havana and deliver such Part of her
Cargee as is Proper for that Market. you are to be carefull that what you Cargoe as is Proper for that Market. you are to be carefull that what you
take out be such as will turn to as good if not better Account than at Vera Cour take out be such as will turn to as good if not better Account than at Vera Cruz
Horbert Gally Leave part of the which Reduction of the Cargoe. We hope will likewise be attended with which Reduction of the Cargoe. We hope will likewise be attended with
this advantage as to mke a etter Market for the ret. And as to what you this advantage as to mke a Better Market for the rest. And as to what you
so take out you are to endorse the same on the Bills of Lading. One of so take out you are to endorse the same on the Bills of Lading. One of
which so endersed you are to transmit us of the first opportunity. The which so endorsed you are to transmit us of the first opportunity. The
Invoice of this ship's Cargoe will go by her. To you are to take extract Invoice of this ship's Cargoe will go by her. so you are to take extract
of such part as i necessary for yor Government. of such part as is necessary for yo^r Government.
As this ship in her way home comes by the Havance, she is As this ship in her way home comes by the Havance, she is
under Orders to touch there If our Factors at Verelrus shall so direct and under Orders to touch there If our Factors at Vera Cruz shall so direct and
Herbert to touch at the Havana in take in such money and Effects as you shall have Provided: you are therefore take in such money and Effects as you shall have Provided: you are therefore
to bick up as much as Possible against her Return and shall Lade on to pick up as much as Possible against her Return and shall Lade on
board her consigned to us, but youare to do it with all Possible dispatch. board her consigned to us, but youare to do it with all Possible dispatch.
We being Liable to a Demorage of Seven pounds tenshillings p Diem We being Liable to a Demorage of Seven pounds ten shillings p Diem
We Perceive by yor Accounts last ent you paid 30 p phin for We Perceive by yo^r Accounts last sent you paid 30 p tun for
Logwood. Therefore you are not to send us any of that Comodity. unles you Logwood. Therefore you are not to send us any of that Comodity. unles you
canget it for about 15d 20 Iclear on board, and if at that Price you canget it for about 15d 20 clear on board, and if at that Price you
can yet a Quentity Sufficient to Load the Herbert, then youare to secure can get a Quantity Sufficient to Load the Herbert, then you are to secure
it and advise the Veralrug Factory) thereof, that they may give order it and advise the Vera Cruz Factory) thereof, that they may give orders
for this ships calling on you in her return that it may be ready to be for this ships calling on you in her return that it may be ready to be
put on board, on her first appearing without the least Delay. You put on board, on her first appearing without the least Delay. You
are also to Load on board her what other money or Effects you cau are also to Load on board her what other money or Effects you can
without detaining he ship consigning the same to us at the Port of without detaining he ship consigning the same to us at the Port of
London London
We observe you allowed a Sallary of 2000 f pannt. We observe you allowed a Sallary of 2000 f pannt.
to yor Late Governorr as Judge Conservator which We take to be to yo^r Late Governour as Judge Conservator which We take to be
very very