us to bery which you say the first of will amount to about 7 or us to buy which you say the first of will amount to about 7 or
800 f the Charges of heiping her in repair pann. about 200 p that you 800£ the Charges of keeping her in repair p annm about 200£ that you
could pick out of our own negroes enough to sail her, but you want a Pilot could pick out of our own negroes enough to sail her, but you want a Pilot
and a good hand and those to be paid only when imployed. We would and a good hand and those to be paid only when imployed. We would
have you weigh well and consider of it. And if you find the advantage have you weigh well and consider of it. And if you find the advantages
and conveniences arising to our Comerce from sach a Bark is like to and conveniences arising to our Comerce from such a Bark is like to
answer the expence would have you pcure such a one and as for the answer the expence would have you Pcure such a one and as for the
Pilot and other able Persons We presume you way supply yor selves on Pilot and other able Persons We presume you way Supply yor selves on
the Spot and if not out of our Negroeships. the Spot and if not out of our Negroe ships.
We are serry that not withstanding yor reducing by Law 2 We are sorry that not withstanding yor reducing by Law
in yor former Presidents time dutiee on our Vessels; yet you feared in yor former Presidents time duties on our Vessels; yet you feared
this President might et that aude. We approve yos Suspension this President might let that aside. We approve yor Suspension
of paying the 200 P demanded, and do yo utmost to oppose this till of paying the 200£ demanded, and do yor utmost to oppose this till
We can get it Regulated in Madrd. We can get it Regulated in Madrid.
Oncerning Govd Roy: Officers Judges Concerning Govrs Royl Officers Judges
concerv & other officers Conservd & other officers
We note what you write concerning your Judge Conuro. 1 We note what you write concerning your Judge Conservrs
Salary being the same the French always paid if so We mut acquiea Salary being the same the French always paid, if so We must acquire
to prevent any worse consequences. But Weare surprized to find the to prevent any worse consequences; But We are surprized to find the
avarice of yor President run so high as not to think that Suff: but avarice of yor President run so high as not to think that Sufft but
that he expected to have 7or 8 slaves out of every parcel at first that he expected to have 7 or 8 slaves out of every parcel at first
cost which the will by no means comply with, and if he does cmnt cost which the will by no means comply with, and if he does count
any Violence that way protest against him and send unotariel any Violence that way protest against him and send us notariel
Festimonies of the Fact. testimonies of the Fact.
[2 The same reason obliges us to acquiene in the Salary) of 1000 2 The same reason obliges us to acquiesce in the Salary of 1000 $
to Our Apsst and 300 P Panns to Our Lawyer & Serw and to the to Our Assessr and 800  $ P ann to Our Lawyer & Servt and to the
Salary to the Judge Conservator at Portobelo. The King's Phurcian Salary to the Judge Conservator at Portobelo. The King's Phisician
Salary of ₤600. We find is by your Letter in full for visiting and Salary of $600. We find is by your Letter in full for visiting and
Looking after the negroes. We would have you acquaint us more Looking after the negroes. We would have you acquaint us more
partiluarly the Branches of his duty and how he decrves that salary particularly the Branches of his duty and how he deserves that Salary
We We