We are also at you recomend endeavouring to get the last act of We are also at you recomend endeavouring to get the last act of
the assieuts so explained as to extend to free from dukies the Produce of Out the assiento so explained as to extend to free from duties the Produce of Out
Goods when shipd. and for liberty to lade the produce of Our Annuel Goods when shipd. and for liberty to lade the produce of Our Annual
free of dutys & to be laden ou ships on such others as shall be thought proper. free of dutys & to be laden ou ships on such others as shall be thought proper.
We are aderised from Madrd that the Court of Spain has resolved We are advised from Madrid that the Court of Spain has resolved
to suppress the Contratation house in Seville consisting of a President to suppress the Contratation house in Seville consisting of a President
and 3 or 4 Judges &? and only have 3 Consull 2 of which fo reside and 3 or 4 Judges &? and only have 3 Consull 2 of which fo reside
in Cadi & 1. 1n Veville with a Lawger to Asset for motters and in Cadiz & 1. 1n Seville with a Lawyer to Asset for matters and
desputes among Traders not cognizable by the Laws of the Country. disputes among Traders not cognizable by the Laws of the Country.
We have thought fit from the Good opinion We have of the abile We have thought fit from the Good opinion We have of the ability
and Integrity of Captn. Raymond to appoint him during his stay at and Integrity of Capt^n. Raymond to appoint him during his stay at
Vera Cruy to be one of the Council in the Tectory with priviledge Vera Cruy to be one of the Council in the Tectory with priviledge
of a Vote, and to take his place at the Table next the President and of a Vote, and to take his place at the Table next the President and
to do every thing therein according to the best of his Judgement for to do every thing therein according to the best of his Judgement for
Our Service as well in inspecting your part transactions as what Our Service as well in inspecting your part transactions as what
shall be done during his Residence among you. You are therefore shall be done during his Residence among you. You are therefore
to Shew him all due respect and acquaint him with the Posture to Shew him all due respect and acquaint him with the Posture
of all Our affairs. as well in relation to what i prit as the present of all Our affairs. as well in relation to what i prit as the present
that he may be enabled fully to inform us hereof at his return that he may be enabled fully to inform us hereof at his return
On board the Royal Prince is imbarked Mr John Hoskin, whom On board the Royal Prince is imbarked Mr John Hoskin, whom
We have chosen to assist you in the Chusing & examining Cochineal ndi We have chosen to assist you in the Chusing & examining Cochineal ndi
and other Dying Wares and Drugs, and sshe is a Person of Shill and and other Dying Wares and Drugs, and she is a Person of Shill and
Judgment that way being bred a Salter. We hope with his assstance Judgment that way being bred a Salter. We hope with his assstance
youl be able to prevent all abuses and Impositions both in the Quality youl be able to prevent all abuses and Impositions both in the Quality
and frices. He is under Articles with us either to return back by and Prices. He is under Articles with us either to return back by
the Royal Prince or to Continue at Vera Crus at the the Royal Prince or to Continue at Vera Crus at the
Salary of a 5th officer as you in Council shall hink bet for Salary of a 5th officer as you in Council shall think best for
Our Service, which you are Consult upon & act accordingly Inclosed Our Service, which you are Consult upon & act accordingly Inclosed
You have copy of his Articles with us and the Instructions. We You have copy of his Articles with us and the Instructions. We
have given him for your Government. have given him for your Government.
The Court of Directors have taken into Consideration the The Court of Directors have taken into Consideration the
directions they gave you in relation to the disposal of the Elizabeths directions they gave you in relation to the disposal of the Elizabeths
Cargoe. and other matters, find them to be as follow vizt. Cargoe. and other matters, find them to be as follow vizt.
Original Instructions Original Instructions
1 No Bargains to be mode but in or by order of Council. all 1 No Bargains to be mode but in or by order of Council. all