favour and especially seeing the King of Spuin is concern'd one Quartee favour and especially seeing the King of Spuin is concern'd one Quartee
part, and it's plain tous that the Returns are to beefree of all duties lomewards part, and it's plain tous that the Returns are to beefree of all duties lomewards
as the Goods outwards. But should any difficulties arise that you cannot as the Goods outwards. But should any difficulties arise that you cannot
otherwise Surmount you may remove thim by such Methods & Presents as otherwise Surmount you may remove thim by such Methods & Presents as
You think most proper. You think most proper.
We note what you write in yours of the 11th Inne concerning a We note what you write in yours of the 11th Inne concerning a
Judge conservator for St Fee and the late Exeiting the Viceslingship of Judge conservator for St Fee and the late Exeiting the Viceslingship of
new Granada may make such analteration that Dr Inan dearge recomended new Granada may make such analteration that Dr Inan dearge recomended
by Mr Ugarde and whom our Factors at Carthagene had thoughts of by Mr Ugarde and whom our Factors at Carthagene had thoughts of
paming) for that office may not be proper. But that Dr. Ast dela paming) for that office may not be proper. But that Dr. Ast dela
Sedrosa a councell of Indies is appointed Super Intendent of that Gorein Sedrosa a councell of Indies is appointed Super Intendent of that Gorein
and consequently a Proper Recson, he being able to Protect Our Factorye and consequently a Proper Recson, he being able to Protect Our Factorye
and Interects. We approve yor writing to our Factory the state of and Interects. We approve yor writing to our Factory the state of
this affair, as well as in all other cases wherein you can give ther this affair, as well as in all other cases wherein you can give ther
Information for our Interest, as opportunity offers. We have also writ Information for our Interest, as opportunity offers. We have also writ
rote rote
to them on the Particular matter Hhe yor not having moved ip the regaining to them on the Particular matter Hhe yor not having moved ip the regaining
our Priviledge of appointing the Tunte, from the Inconvemency that our Priviledge of appointing the Tunte, from the Inconvemency that
may attend it at this time. To that you will wait a more favourable may attend it at this time. To that you will wait a more favourable
season, when We recomend to you the dring it. season, when We recomend to you the dring it.
We observe what you write as to the Suiah Galleys accompany I We observe what you write as to the Suiah Galleys accompany I
they Roval Prince to vera Cauz with Naval Stores &c. And that the Lept they Roval Prince to vera Cauz with Naval Stores &c. And that the Lept
of the Flote will Solicit the Royal officers not to admit her under pence of the Flote will Solicit the Royal officers not to admit her under pence
that the contract only says that the Assientists hope his Cath: Majety that the contract only says that the Assientists hope his Cath: Majety
will be pleased to grant leave (in which words asking leave is will be pleased to grant leave (in which words asking leave is
supposed to be Implyd./ And that te ought first to advise the Council supposed to be Implyd./ And that te ought first to advise the Council
of Indies the contents of her lading by way of Declaration sgned. of Indies the contents of her lading by way of Declaration sgned.
by the Court of Dicctors, upon which a Dispatch might be by the Court of Dicctors, upon which a Dispatch might be
granted for her admittance. As to this latter. We don't find yt such granted for her admittance. As to this latter. We don't find yt such
an account is required by the Costract to be given in before the ships an account is required by the Costract to be given in before the ships
departure, but at her departure which we intend accordingly to do, departure, but at her departure which we intend accordingly to do,
and as to the former We always understoad it to amount to a Grant and as to the former We always understoad it to amount to a Grant
of such ships, and Hhe look upon those words to be an Idioni or phiuce of such ships, and Hhe look upon those words to be an Idioni or phiuce
amounting amounting