174 174
To Robert Cross Esqr. Pesident and To Robert Cross Esq^r. Pesident and
the rest of the Factory of the R. Assients the rest of the Factory of the R^e. Assiento
Company at Buenos Ayres Company at Buenos Ayres
To Sea House 15 Jany 1724 To Sea House 15 Jan^y 1724
Gent. Gent^n.
Sinceours by the John Storeship of the 10 Novr. Since ours by the John Storeship of the 15 Nov^r.
1723 we wrote you the 23 Jan following p the Esex Capt. Smith & 1723 we wrote you the 23^d Jan^y following & the Essex Cap^t. Smith & 21^st
Futruary of the Levantire Capt. Thomas, and the same day & ye afsints February & the Levantine Capt. Thomas, and the same day & ye assiento
Capt. Firard, all bound for Angola and Your Port, which we hope long Cap^t. Firard, all bound for Angola and Your Port, which we hope long
before this will reacher our hands be duly arrived; We are now to acquaint before this will reaches our hands be duly arrived; We are now to acquaint
you with our Receipt of your Letters by the King William St. Pauinton you with our Receipt of your Letters by the King William St. Pauinton
and John of the 4 and 6 November 1723 3 July and 2 Sepr. last, and John of the 4^th and 6^th November 1723 :3 July and 2 Sep^r. last,
also the following particular Letters to the Court viz From Mrs also the following particular Letters to the Court viz From Mrs
Cross of the 20 May and 30 August last Mr Thiotlochwaite of the Cross of the 20^th May and 30^th August last Mr Thiotlochwaite of the
19 May and 6 Novemr Mr Mylam of the 25 June last, Our Gov 19^th May and 6 Novemr ^ last Mr Mylam of the 25^th  June last, Our Gov
have also communicated to us the Several Letters wrote them Viz have also communicated to us the Several Letters wrote them Viz
By the Factory of the 28 May and 30 August last, Mr Crosses of the By the Factory of the 28^th May and 30^th August last, Mr Cropes of the
6 Junelast, Messrs Thistlethwayte and Mount of the same date 6 June last, Mess^rs Thistlethwayte and Mount of the same dates
we have also reced a Letter from your Govr of the 3 June, and another we have also reced a Letter from your Gov^r of the 3 June, and another
from the Gov. of the Fort of the 2 July which we answer by the from the Gov. of the Fort of the 2 July which we answer by the
inclosed Letters, which are undera flying Seal for your perusal, inclosed Letters, which are under a flying Seal for your perusal,
after which you will seal them up and deliver them with our after which you will seal them up and deliver them with our
Compliments. Compliments.
We have receied the Hydes and money you sent us by We have receieved the Hydes and money you sent us by
the Several Ships, as well what was menconed in your generall as the Several Ships, as well what was menconed in your generall as
particular Letters and shall bring the same to account accordingly particular Letters and shall bring the same to account accordingly
We shall Transmitt to our Agents at Madied the We shall Transmitt to our Agents at Madrid the
[Representations you sent us on the Subject of Introdi cing our Representations you sent us on the Subject of Introducing our
Negres Negroes