a Cedula should be granted Imchce as he has published, and against "a Cedula should be granted Jonchee as he has published, and against
the late Governour now in this Place. for that according to the order of "the late Governour now in this Place, for that according to the order of
Sexcedure of these Pibunals it could not be given without first Citing the "Procedure of these Tribunals it could not be given without first Citing the
n Companys agent to see whether he had any thing to allege to the Contiary "Company's agent to see whether he had any thing to allege to the Contuary  
in notwithstanding which enquiry shall be made if such cedula was Secretly "notwithstanding which, enquiry shall be made if such cedula was Secretly
and Irregu larly dispatched and in what manner. But if you can "and Irregularly dispatched and in what manner, But if you can
i make any adjustment with the French Company for the negroes Introduced "make any adjustment with the French Company for the negroes Introduced
to before the sd. May 1714. it cannot be of any pijudice to you. It being "before the 1st May 1714. it cannot be of any prejudice to you. It being
or sufficient that as well your Selves as the French Company give olders "sufficient that as well your Selves as the French Company give orders
in to their Substitutes to suspend the Course of this Rorots, for of "to their Substitutes to suspend the Course of this Process, for if
in the Pastice in Controvery do not more therein it will be buried for "the Parties in Controversy do not move therein it will be buried for
" ever hereafter. To that you see that the Autos having been "ever hereafter." So that you see that the autos having been
tranmitted to the Court of madred And Mr Sondiees Appeal is no transmitted to the Court of Madrid and Mr Jonchee's appeal is no
obfection to our Compounding this matter. And therefore if you cand objection to our Compounding this matter. And therefore if you can do
it by taking 100 pr 28 pp deIndia for all the negroe, Introduced it by taking 100 ps 8/8 P ps de India for all the negroes, Introduced
since 1 May 1713. We are inclinable to do it, otherwise We nau since 1st  May 1713. We are inclinable to do it, otherwise We must
wait the I sue of the French Tactors appeal wherein We have noreamn wait the Issue of the French Factors appeal wherein We have no reason
to beleive otherwise but that We shall suced? Mars to believe otherwise but that We shall suceed. We are
Yor Loving Friends Yor Loving Friends
Felomte of Compond The Comittee of Correspondce
Sa Oateman Sub Gov. Ja Bateman Sub Govr
John Lambert John Lambert
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Robert Chester Robert Chester
The Factory awn Cct of this in theirs of 13 decr 1718 The Factory own Rect of this in theirs of 13 decr 1718
South Sea house South Sea house
30th July 1718 30th July 1718.
Havana Havana
Mr Nicholion Mr Nicholson
Sr Sr
The comittee of correspondence have writ this day The comittee of correspondence have writ this day
to your Factory via Barbadoes Copy whereof Isend you inclosed that to your Factory via Barbadoes Copy whereof I send you inclosed, that
you may be apprized as soon as may be of the Posture of affairs you may be apprized as soon as may be of the Posture of affairs
between us and Spain and what directions the Comittee have 
thought thought