Shereto and Particularly send us those accounts, which he delivered thereto and Particularly send us those accounts, which he delivered
You at his return from Maxico. You at his return from Mexico.
And whereas Weare decrcous to be fully informed of all the advente And whereas We are desireous to be fully informed of all the adventu:
:ges in Prade that are to be made in New Spain as well relating to Our :ges in Trade that are to be made in New Spain as well relating to Our
Regioes as Our Annual Ship & 150 Tun ships. We do order & direct Negroes as Our Annual Ship & 150 Tun ships. We do order & direct
That such one of the Factory (besdes such Person as aforesaid by That such one of the Factory (besides such Person as aforesaid) as
Cur Council shall judge is most expert & bet vari'd in that Comerce Our Council shall judge is most expert & best vers'd in that Comerce
One of the Factory becegulfued do come horse by the said Royal Prince fully & Perfectly intruted do come home by the said Royal Prince fully & Perfectly instructed
in all matters thereunto relating and Particularly in what species in all matters thereunto relating and Particularly in what species
of Goods, and what Quantikes are most proper for your Market of Goods, and what Quantities are most proper for your Market
that if possible. We may better aport a largoe for this ship pio that if possible. We may better assort a Cargoe for this ship Anno
179 when sheis to return again to your Cort, which Person shall 1719 when she is to return again to your Port, which Person shall
not withstanding hold his Clace in Council and be continued in not withstanding hold his Place in Council and be continued in
Salary until Chy return back Salary until her return back
And whereas this ship Roval Prince lss at a gret And whereas this ship Royal Prince Lyes at a great
Expence. We recomend it to you ltogive her all the dipatch possible Expence. We recomend it to you to give her all the dispatch possible
Couintent with the Companys Interest and making large return Consistent with the Companys Interest and making large return
byher. by her.
Tho in the Letter writ by the London you wire limitted by Tho in the Letter writ by the London you were limitted by
the Sub & Depty Geos to aprice in Corluncal & Indico: We take off the Sub & Depty Govrs to a price in Cochineal & Indico: We take off
that Restrition, not doubting but you will get those Comodities atay that Restriction, not doubting but you will get those Comodities at as
low prices as Possible, but we would be glad to have as large Quaentities low prices as Possible, but we would be glad to have as large Quantities
as youcan procure especially Cochineal by this ship. Werenen as you can procure especially Cochineal by this ship. We remain
Yor Loving Friends Yor Loving Friends
Soith Seahouse South Sea house
Lond Londo
12 July 1717. 12 July 1717.
The Court of Director of The Court of Director of
the Royal Brtich aps. C. the Royal British Asso Co.
Ta Bateman S Goo Saml Shepheard Deps Harcoust May Ja Bateman S Govr Saml Shepheard Dep g Harcourt Mais
Wm Chapman Richd Houlditch– In Pellowes. Rob. Cheiter Wm Chapman Richd Houlditch– Jno Fellowes. Rob. Chester
Danl Hays. Fram Eyles- Jacob Sawbridge Charles Soye Danl Hays. Fran Eyles- Jacob Sawbridge- Charles Joye
A Raymond Jawob Sacobiin – Henry Durley– A. Horsey H Raymond- Jacob Jacobnson– Henry Durley– Rd. Horsey
Sam: Reade Junr L Blackwell. Jno Plunt. Wm. Hamond Sam: Reade Junr. L Blackwell. Jno Blunt. Wm. Hamond
PS PS
Gentl. as thir stip. Our Royal Prince is very large Gentn. as this ship. Our Royal Prince is very large
and and