We hame the Antos when they arvoe will set forth the Damages and Lops We hope the Autos when they arrive will set forth the Damages and Losses
remaining Still to be made good to ts that the may recovent at tand or at remaining Still to be made good to us that the may recover it at Madrid or at
lest make Our Clauim in the mean Time as the Capt. iscetrd to a Charch least make Our Claim in the mean Time as the Capt. retired to a Church
Gonl by Wathfall of him, and to the bet Gencan to get Setifaction of him you'll be Watchfull of him, and to the best you can to get Satisfaction of him
t to Casr. Warng let by the sad Seays bing plander As to Cap^t. Warings loss by the said Sloops being plunderd
and the Pount heted en Mer th Clar ho and the sagng hougnber and the presents he made in order to clear her and the company money onboard 
We can not say any thing to it at prsent, and theint it wl be tine reugh We can not say any thing to it at present, and think it will be time enough
when he makes tto a Representation bere at home, where tis portable he when he makes tto a Representation here at home, where tis portable he
may sancone, We having lately thought fit for Gort Resons to put himat may soon come, We having lately thought fit for good Resons to put him out
of the Couand of the Sery of the command of the sloop.
We hire Lor Mr Borne Hanteont onale We have seen Mr Burnet's Representation to you in [?]
o the Clasgs of Dotr and Apsthecary attending his Hleness Amunting to the Charges of Doctor and Apothecary attending his illness amending
to abut 100 pens, and can see no Reasmn for your sentating in bringing to abut 100 pesos, and can see no Reason for your [?]   in bringing
it to the Companys Account, when if any of you were sich hel woes to it to the Companys Account, when if any of you were sick he was to
Administer to you mnt of the Companys Medicines Administer to you out of the Companys Medicines
Ae to his Hip Daunghton and Serants which yor Aonle As to his wife Daughter and Servants which you advise us
verecome to Corthagena His Contrary to Our Intentions and may be the werecome to Carthagena His Contrary to Our Intentions and may be the
Ocecrsion of Enlarrasing Our Affairs, We therefore entirely Disapprne of Occasion of Embarrassing Our Affairs, We therefore entirely Disapprove of
it having fortd it in all Our Fuctory, And do hireby Sirect That he m it having forbid in all Our Factory, And do hereby direct That he send
aay her her Daughter and their Servants by the first Convenuent Ogentin away her Daughter and their Servants by the first Conveniant Opportunity
of any of Our Shiys or Sloops as shall happen to Armoe after Reupt of any of Our Ships or Sloops as shall happen to Arrive after  Receipt
herof And in Caxe of Mon Compliance herewith, Wad Desnisshom hereof And in Case of non Compliance herewith, We do [?] him
from the Companys service of which you are to take Notice the te hope from the Companys service of which you are to take Notice tho we hope
he will be farefull not to Tnewr it. he will be carefull not to [?] it.
We Phere you have again setted the Fretry at Cute, by We [?] you have again setted the Factory at Cute, by
Sading thither Mr. Label to Act in Conpintion wnth M. a Sading thither Mr. Label to Act in [?] with Mr. Walsh
forty formerly