not red any Letter from Mr Stanhope on that Subject as you bntimate ie not red any Letter from Mr Stanhope on that Subject as you bntimate ie
might expect. might expect.
We find ye Atres of ye Complaint in the said Lie is that od deigh We find ye Atres of ye Complaint in the said Lie is that od deigh
of sending 2 ships with ye and one was yt they might Carry all ye Provisions of sending 2 ships with ye and one was yt they might Carry all ye Provisions
& stores whereby thoother might be enabled to larry her cutire Lading of & stores whereby thoother might be enabled to larry her cutire Lading of
Merchaudize: But seeing this was not the lase. We think it very Prople for Merchaudize: But seeing this was not the lase. We think it very Prople for
Our dutification that you set this matter in a Trae light that ye Court of pe Our dutification that you set this matter in a Trae light that ye Court of pe
maybe Convinced of ye Integrity of the Co. Proceedings and that ho praus maybe Convinced of ye Integrity of the Co. Proceedings and that ho praus
was intended an ye sd. Lie suggects. was intended an ye sd. Lie suggects.
The tre lase is his The Co. Cun this Royal Prince bound The tre lase is his The Co. Cun this Royal Prince bound
to veraliuy having onboard a very rich & valuable largoe wherein so to veraliuy having onboard a very rich & valuable largoe wherein so
many Preprietor were interesed he well as hi CM. The Court of Duestory many Preprietor were interesed he well as hi CM. The Court of Duestory
did not think it Prudent or safe to suffer her to Procced te voyd without did not think it Prudent or safe to suffer her to Procced te voyd without
Convoy seeing the Pyrates were hea become so very numerous & formi debce Convoy seeing the Pyrates were hea become so very numerous & formi debce
in those Pasts having taken the Whidah an Englishship of 24 Guns in those Pasts having taken the Whidah an Englishship of 24 Guns
and 80 Men richlyladen, also the Dragon & Royel Africa belonging and 80 Men richlyladen, also the Dragon & Royel Africa belonging
to the Company, the first of which had onboard $25000 and he to the Company, the first of which had onboard $25000 and he
Latter Negroes they had also got together 2 or 3000 meu and Latter Negroes they had also got together 2 or 3000 meu and
fortified themselves in the Istand of Providence from whence they- fortified themselves in the Istand of Providence from whence they-
were continually making excursions in ships of from 8o to 200 were continually making excursions in ships of from 8o to 200
Men each and their Power increasing every say. This was the otive Men each and their Power increasing every say. This was the otive
which induced the lo to apply to ye Admiralty for Convoy there being so which induced the lo to apply to ye Admiralty for Convoy there being so
apperent a necessity for it, not withstanding what is mimuates in apperent a necessity for it, not withstanding what is mimuates in
the Seirys Lre that aship of the Royal Prince Burtheu might the Seirys Lre that aship of the Royal Prince Burtheu might
Comand respect from the Bruizers of america. And as to her taking any Comand respect from the Bruizers of america. And as to her taking any
of the Royal Orime; Provisions whereby to enable that ship to carry to of the Royal Orime; Provisions whereby to enable that ship to carry to
more Goods, We deny it and are assured no such thing was Pactieed more Goods, We deny it and are assured no such thing was Pactieed
And as to the other ship which accompanied her We took that And as to the other ship which accompanied her We took that
opportunity of sending the sarch Galley as one of the 150 Tunships allowed opportunity of sending the sarch Galley as one of the 150 Tunships allowed
by the assients to carry Naval stores te that the might Secure the by the assients to carry Naval stores te that the might Secure the
Poundings for the Royal Prince in todangerous a loast at that time Poundings for the Royal Prince in todangerous a loast at that time
of year. of wch ships Lading and departure from England We gave of year. of wch ships Lading and departure from England We gave
you acco. for ye Information of ye Council of Indies, in our Letters you acco. for ye Information of ye Council of Indies, in our Letters