during the Pleasure of the Court the Salaries of the 3 first to Comence during the Pleasure of the Court the Salaries of the 3 first to Comence
from the time of their arrival at Postobelo, and Mr Wellden's Present from the time of their arrival at Portobelo, and M^r Wellden's Present
Salary to comence from 24 June last his other salary of 500 P frun Salary to comence from 24 June last his other salary of 500 P frun
to be made up to that time his Mother being dead as well as his Father to be made up to that time his Mother being dead as well as his Father
If he is inclined to return home you may discharge him from our If he is inclined to return home you may discharge him from our
Service Service
You are also to take nofice that Mr Robert Sliter's Account You are also to take nofice that Mr Robert Sliter's Account
of Salary is to be made upat 16663 I pann: to the time of his of Salary is to be made upat 16663 I pann: to the time of his
Secan Secan
Concerning Miscellanies. Concerning Miscellanies.
We approve your Endusours to avord Paying the 1 We approve your Endeavours to avoid Paying the
duties for Burying the Negroes but find they have been inefectial duties for Burying the Negroes but find they have been ineffectual
We hope the Quch Sales youl meet with will present any Exhavid) We hope the Quick Sales youl meet with will present any Extraordy
charge on that head. charge on that head.
A to what the wrote you 31 August relating to the langan 2 A to what the wrote you 31 August relating to the Surgeon
being of the Council. concerning which you require Our further being of the Council. concerning which you require Our further
Directions you are to take notice that he he is to be of the Council Directions you are to take notice that he he is to be of the Council
when there are not 3 on the Spot besides himself. Yet We cannot when there are not 3 on the Spot besides himself. Yet We cannot
expect he should act a such when his business requires him toated expect he should act a such when his business requires him to attend
the negrory which you say is at a Distance. But in such case As the negrory which you say is at a Distance. But in such case As
many besider as are Present are to make the Council. many besides as are Present are to make the Council.
The King has been Pleased to order for the West Indies 3 The King has been Pleased to order for the West Indies
a force of about 14 or 16 men of War and Sloops for Suppressing a force of about 14 or 16 men of War and Sloops for Suppressing
Tyrates. as you may see by the Cazette herewith and has also issud Pyrates. as you may see by the Gazette herewith and has also issued
Measure taken against the prate out a Proclamation which we saad you hereinclosed pardoning such out a Proclamation which we saad you hereinclosed pardoning such
as Surrender themselves by the 5 September and do not Comt any as Surrender themselves by the 5 September and do not Comit any
Actof Pyracy after the 5th Janry next and offecing Considerable Act of Pyracy after the 5th Janry next and offering Considerable
Rewards for seizing such as shall not surrender which we hope Rewards for seizing such as shall not surrender which we hope
will have a good effect will have a good effect
We shallorde to be made and send you fnd the 4 We shallorde to be made and send you fnd the
Dial Dial