before the years 13 & 14 &c and also a Decree for transporting) the before the years 13 & 14 &c .^a and also a Decree for transporting) the
Bedfords Goods from Carthagena to Poctobelo and shall expect the Bedfords Goods from Carthagena to Portobelo and shall expect the
Cedulas in due time as you promise. As to this Latter We observe wt Cedulas in due time as you promise. As to this Latter We observe w^th
Mr Uzardi writer us That Mr Eons Assurances on that head M^r Uzardi writes us That M^r Eons Assurances on that head
Were Groundless. Were Groundless.
We are pleased tf and by Mr Ward is Letter thathy Cin We are pleased to find  by M^r Uzardi's  Letter that his CM:
Arnuel Ship may go to Carth Annual Ship may go to Carth
has granted that the annual ship We send to Peru may go tolasthe has granted that the annual ship We send to Peru may go to Cartha.
& Portobels, and hope the same witl be drawn to effectually that & Portobelo, and hope the same will be drawn to effectually that
We may meet with no Difficulty. it being absolutely necesery We may meet with no Difficulty. it being absolutely necessary
forall ourledulas to be very clear & plain. since our last for all our Cedula's to be very clear & plain. Since our last
directions to you outhis head We have reced Letters from Our directions to you or this head We have reced Letters from Our
Carthl Factory wherein they advise us. that it is necessary that Carth^a Factory wherein they advise us. that it is necessary that
Priviledges necssery for S Srip Priviledges necessery ford  Ship
this ship should either in the General have the whole Privileoge this ship should either in the General have the whole Priviledges
of a Galleon or thes particularly that on her arrival at Carthagene of a Galleon or that particularly that on her arrival at Carthagena
The may freely inlade what part of her largoe We think fit and She may freely unlade what part of her Cargoe We think fit and
afterwards proceed with the ramainder to Partobelo with the same afterwards proceed with the ramainder to Partobelo with the same
Liberty that she may return to Earth to receive the Cos Effects Liberty that she may return to Carth^a to receive the Co.^s Effects
or land at larth what may be lolf that the may have livety or land at Carth.^a what may be left that the may have liberty
tostay in both the ove & the other Harbours as long as Our Pactory to stay in both the one & the other Harbours as long as Our Factory
shall think fit for the lo. Service. You will therefore take shall think fit for the Co.^s Service, You will therefore take
particular late that this ledula be clear & ample. And that in particular care that this Cedula be clear & ample. And that in
case the same be already issued out and does not come up to case the same be already issued out and does not come up to
Our Instructions or is deficient to apply for a Supplimental Our Instructions or is deficient to apply for a Supplimental
Cedula that may be effectual. Cedula that may be effectual.
We have sevl other matter to write you upon in We have sev^.l other matter to write you upon in
relation to our Affairs in the Spanish West Indies and then ye relation to our Affairs in the Spanish West Indies and then we
shall send you the Autor Mr Wzardi mentious in his of the 12 ho. shall send you the Autos M^r Uzardi mentions in his of the 12 No.^r
relating to the Audienia of Lima's having suspended Our Tadge relating to the Audienica of Lima's having suspended Our Judge
conservator from Publishing the Indulto which youare to requainte conservator from Publishing the Indulto which youare to acqusial
Mr Wraidi with and also our Rect of his Letters and our pence of M^r Uzaidi with and also our Rec.^t of his Letters and our Lence of
he Deligence in our service his Deligence in our service
we we