lane sentno an Anthentiof Coantficate hereof, but as he ergunall is weressary forme to have sent us an Authentick Certificate thereof, but as the original is neccessary for us to 
Reop thee Frentmitt you raeed an ate ted Con that yor may gatt the said Benenta Keep Wee Transmitt you Inclosed an attested Copy that you may gett the said Remeasurmt
appied, The Densanbing eft to the Cunll of mies, And abe all other sitice approved, The Decision being left to the Council of Indies, And also all other future
Rensnements which may be made at Donana or Lowhare, which whos knowne that Remeasurements which may be made at Panama or elsewhere, which when known that
wee have gott ich a peaer, may be a Meane to prevent Expibitant Regulacons wee have got such a power, may be a means to prevent Exorbitant Regulacions
Wes roman Wee Remain
Yor Long Fronds Yor Long Fronds
Sa. Bateman Sil Goo. Sa. Bateman Sil Goo.
Sam Sapload Don Gevl Sam Sapload Don Gevl
John Landart John Landart
John Gove John Gove
Robert Chester Robert Chester
Eward Goton Eward Goton
John Followes John Followes
Sat henaed Sent Inclosed
Copy of last 23 tay Copy of last 23d Jany
Anto from the Hav anch about Gegioe Autos from the Havanah about Negroes
Iattofmed by the French after 1 May 173 Introduced by the French after 1st May 1713
Cooy of Mr Sheas proposall Copy of Mr Sheas proposall
Origne Corte for Duty on Smft p at Ha Originll Cert for Duty on Snuff pd at Havanh
attented Eay of ontheha Cit of the Eest orrament Attested Copy of authentick Cert of the Regs on remeasrmt
of the froe p the Dumnich of Negroes P the Dunwich
South Sea house South Sea house
London 20th Febry 177 London 20th Febry 177
Mess Thompson Patter Mess Thompson Pratter
& Haselwood & Haselwood
Our last was the 15th January of the Sarah Captl Our last was the 15th January P the Sarah Captn
Atchison and duplicate of the Ludlow Castle Capt. Whitworth, and herewith Atchison and duplicate P the Ludlow Castle Capt. Whitworth, and herewith
another copy. We have since reced yor of the 5t November & 10 & 25 another copy. We have since reced yor sof the 5t November & 10th & 25th
December with the Invoice of the necessaries put on board the Diamond December with the Invoice of the necessaries put on board the Diamond
for the use of Our Factory at Veralmy, and the other Papers. accounts and for the use of Our Factory at Vera Cruz, and the other Papers. accounts and
Letters mentioned to come with them. We are now to answer yours of the Letters mentioned to come with them. We are now to answer yours of the
26th & 28t August 19 & 20th October 5t November and 10 and 25th December 26th & 28th August 19th & 20th October 5th November and 10th and 25th December
As to what you write concerning the Duties on our Regrog As to what you write concerning the Duties on our Negroes
which you had been obliged to pay all on the Old Law which axpired the 8rd October which you had been obliged to pay all on the Old Law which expired the 8th October
batt. In our Last we ent you copy of the Councils Order for repealing that act last. In our Last we sent you copy of the Councils Order for repealing that act
and also of their order to one of the Secletaryes of State for preparing and also of their order to one of the Secretaryes of State for preparing
Instructions to the Governous of Jamarca for His Majcity's Signature to prevent Instructions to the Governour of Jamaica for His Majesty's Signature to prevent
the paping any Law for the future that shall lay a duty on the recoportation the passing any Law for the future that shall lay a duty on the reexportation