under a Flying Scal which after Perusal you will deliver both under a Flying Scal which after Perusal you will deliver both
or either of them as you see Proper. And We hope they will have their or either of them as you see Proper. And We hope they will have their
Provided as for presenting the Imposition of any Extrordinary Provided as for preventing the Imposition of any Extrordinary
duty. But should it so happen that you Caunott Procure all the duty; But should it so happen that you Caunott Procure all the
Goods to be Registred, in such Case you are to ship such only as Goods to be Registred, in such Case you are to ship such only as
you canget Registred, it not being safe to ship any but such a you can get Registred, it not being safe to ship any but such as
shall be so Registred by reason a lopy of the Register is to go shall be so Registred by reason a copy of the Register is to go
by the ship to the Indies. And what is not Contained in it cannot by the ship to the Indies. And what is not Contained in it cannot
be imported there. be imported there.
Werat of the Oyle you cannot get in the Regiser Sellin What of the [Oyle] you cannot get in the Register Sellin
the Cananie And what of the Silke you cannot get in send to ly the Cananie And what of the [Silke] you cannot get in send to [ly]
Disectly by the first opportunity. taking care with yor freud Directly by the first opportunity. taking care with yo^r freud
not to pay double duties. This obstruction of not Regitring being not to pay double duties. This obstruction of not Regitring being
Comernteway We conclude you have not Provided any Tafefies Come in the way We conclude you have not Provided any [Taffefies]
and will have no Occasion to draw any money on Spain upon our and will have no Occasion to draw any money on Spain upon our
Accot Accot.
If it be insisted on that you pay the Extraordinary duty If it be insisted on that you pay the Extraordinary duty
you are to take rect for the same and make the necessary Protects you are to take rec^ts for the same and make the necessary Protects
and frausmit ly that We may give direction to our agents at Madow and trasusmitly that We may give direction to our agents at Madrid
for recovering the same back. for recovering the same back.
We hope you'l get over all difficulties relating to these We hope you'l get over all difficulties relating to these
affairs. so as to be able to dispatch the ship in its limitted time affairs. so as to be able to dispatch the ship in its limitted time
We are We are
Yor Loving Frend the Court of Yor Loving Frend the Court of
Director of the Soul sea Company Director of the South sea Company
Iam Rephearddep Iam Repheasddep
Jo. Turner Jo. Turner
WM. Tillard WM. Tillard
P. Hawes P. Hawes
Wm. Hamons W^m. Hamond
Jno Fellowes Jn^o Fellowes
I Raymond I Raymoned
John Lambert John Lambert
The Reynold The Reynold
Stephenlhied Stephen [Chied]
I am Edmundion I am Edmundion
Robert Chester Robert Chester
D Deleporte D: Deleuporte
Richd Houlditch Rich^d Houlditch
Fran Eyles Fran Eyles
Sam Reade Sam Reade
Jno Blunt Jn^o Blunt
Answr 11 Aug 1713 Answr^d 11 Aug 1713
Ao Honey A^o Harncy
W Morley W Morley
AIngan [AIngranr]
Amb. Page Amb. Page