to be delivered to our Factors at Portobelo, if you can get them, but to be delivered to our Factors at Portobelo, if you can get them, but
if not besure to Irocure alertificate of the Amount of the Tunage of the if not be sure to Procure a Certificate of the Amount of the Tunage of the
whole largoe of the Bedford (which was landed at Carthagena) whole Cargoe of the Bedford (which was landed at Carthagena)
according to the cait ledula. and sand by her, that there may be no Asstre according to the last cedula. and said by her, that there may be no Obstruc
­:tion to the admitsion of the 144h Tuns, for want of a full Evidence ­:tion to the admitsion of the 74 1/4 Tuns, for want of a full Evidence
that the Bedfords cargoe contained so much short of the 600 Tuns of that the Bedfords cargoe contained so much short of the 600 Tuns of
Permission. But that all things may be ready against their arrival Permission. But that all things may be ready against their arrival
at Portobelo, and transmit an Authentick lopy or Duplicate thereof at Portobelo, and transmit an Authentick Copy or Duplicate thereof
to our Agents at Jamaica. for which we have directed them to send a to our Agents at Jamaica. for which we have directed them to send a
Sloop with Negroes on urpose that the Certificates may be ready at Sloop with Negroes on Purpose that the Certificates may be ready at
Samuica against the arrival of the London with the 744 Tune which Jamuica against the arrival of the London with the 74 1/4 Tuns which
sloop may Lye at laith: till the man of war is Loaden, that if you Sloop may Lye at Cartha: till the man of war is Loaden, that if you
should have more Goods to thip than she can carry, the sloop may take should have more Goods to ship than she can carry, the sloop may take
them in and Proceed under Convey of the Manof War to Portobelo, them in and Proceed under Convey of the Man of War to Portobelo,
where having discharged her Goods she may imediately return to Samaica where having discharged her Goods she may imediately return to Jamaica
with thenecessary Certificates for the Introducing the 744 Tuns at with the necessary Certificates for the Introducing the 74 1/4 Tuns at
Portebelo. And if you should Load no Goodsupon her, then youere Portebelo. And if you should Load no Goods upon her, then you are
to dispatch her directly to Jamaua with those lestificates, that the to dispatch her directly to Jamaica with those Certificates, that the
London may not be delayed, Expedition in that affair being of great London may not be delayed, Expedition in that affair being of great
consequence to us. you are therefore to give all Possible dispatch in consequence to us. you are therefore to give all Possible dispatch in
sending away the bedfords Goods and hastening to Samaua the sending away the Bedfords Goods and hastening to Jamaica the
Certificates. We have ordered Mr Bumpites in Case he be at Jamaice Certificates. We have ordered Mr Bumpsted in Case he be at Jamaica
to take his Passage in the Man of War, and assest you in Lording to take his Passage in the Man of War, and assist you in Loading
the Goods and proced with them to Portobelo to assust that Factory in the Goods and proced with them to Portobelo to assist that Factory in
the disporal of hem the disposal of hem
It is Our Intention you should embrace this Opportunity of It is Our Intention you should embrace this Opportunity of
the Royal Cedula to ship for Portobelo all such Goods as you the Royal Cedula to ship for Portobelo all such Goods as you
are not well assured will vend at Carthagena are not well assured will vend at Carthagena
If the man of War and Sloop and such other embarcations as If the man of War and Sloop and such other embarcations as
You canget at Carth? shall not be able to take in all the Goods at You can get at Cartha shall not be able to take in all the Goods at
Carthe. In such case youare to return the Sloop directly to Cartha. In such case you are to return the Sloop directly to
amaica Jamaica