of the 12 & 31 Jaly last in Compliance with the 34th. Article of the 18 & 31 July last in Compliance with the 34.^th article
And as there were none of the Royal Prince's Provisions put on And as there were none of the Royal Prince's Provisions put on
board either of these ships as is Surmised We hope youl be able earily to board either of these ships as is Surmised We hope you'l be able easily to
obviate the charge contained in the said Letter. the Company not having obviate the charge contained in the said Letter. the Company not having
the least design of fraud but strictly to athere to the Contract. the least design of fraud but strictly to adhere to the Contract.
These 2 We find are all the ships mentione in ye Secrys te These 2 We find are all the Ships mentioned in ye Secry's Lre
But We observe yor Lre takes notice of 2 others beside the Diansoud man But We observe yor Lre takes notice of 2 others beside the Diamond man
of War. One on Petence of being unmarted and wanting water and the of War. One on Pretence of being unmasted and wanting water and the
other with 8 or to hegroes, but laden with Spanish Goods taken out of other with 8 or 10 negroes, but laden with Spanish Goods taken out of
the aviso by Pyrate a year & half agoe. As to these 2 ships yo is the Aviso by Pyrates a year & half agoe. As to these 2 ships yors is
the 1st. notice We ever had of them or of the Poize Goods. And We the 1st. notice We ever had of them or of the Prize Goods. And We
cannotcee with what Justice if can be made matter of complaint agt. cannot see with what Justice if can be made matter of complaint agst
the Company. Our Veralruy Factory have given us an Acco, of the Company. Our Vera Cruz Factory have given us an accot, of
a Spanish Captn who brst into that Port of Prize Negroes which a Spanish Captn who brot into that Port 9 Prize Negroes which,
they heyo playmed and advise they will send, the autos oby the Roral Prince, whch they have claimed and advise they will send, the autos by the Royal Prince which
it's Probable may have given rise to the Story of the ship with it's Probable may have given rise to the Story of the Ship with
2 or to Negroes, but they give no Acco. of any Goods, As to the advrces wch 9 or 10 negroes, but they give no accot of any Goods, As to the advices wch
you say you have recd from Cady that ye Diamond Man of War carries you say you have recd from Cadiz that ye Diamond Man of War carried
Goods. We were not in the least Prvy to it, but on te Contrary being very Goods. We were not in the least Privy to it, but on ye Contrary being very
Dealous to pvent it all We could Me gave special Caution to the Captn Jealous to pvent it all We could We gave Special Caution to the Captn
not to do it on any Account whatsoever and for his Extraordinary Services not to do it on any Account whatsoever and for his Extraordinary Services
in Protecting our ship We engaged to make him a Shitable reward at his in Protecting our ship We engaged to make him a Suitable reward at his
return. Provided he Complied with our orders. And if he has broke them return. Provided he Complied with our orders. And if he has broke them
by larrying Goods. We shall Particularly enquire into it and not only by Carrying Goods. We shall Particularly enquire into it and not only
but astop to his reward but make our Complaints against limititle put a Stop to his reward but make our Complaints against him to the
admiralty. His Orders being to follow the Companys Instructions and admiralty. His Orders being to follow the Company's Instructions and
oaly tose the Royal Prince into Port, And if he did carry any Goods only to see the Royal Prince into Port, And if he did carry any Goods
as is reported the King of Spains Officers were the Proper Persons to have as is reported the King of Spain's Officers were the Proper Persons to have
Seized them and turned the ship out of Harboue, for so long as any Seized them and turned the ship out of Harbour, for so long as any
Clandertine Trate is carried on the Company are Sensible it is eatreanly Clandestine Trade is carried on the Company are sensible it is extreamly
prndrcial to their Amnt ship and should be very glad his C.M. would prejudicial to their annl ship and should be very glad his CM. would
gioe the Stritect orders to prevent the same and for enquiring into give the Strictest orders to prevent the same and for enquiring into
he the