future make no further advances to any Persons what wever without an order future make no further advances to any Persons whatsoever without an order
from the Court of Director. We are from the Court of Directors. We are
Yor Loving Frends Yor Loving Friends
The Coml. of Correyponden The Comee of Correspondence
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Robert Cheiter Robert Chester
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
Ono Fellowes Jno Fellowes
South Sea house London 4t Sept. 178 South Sea house London 4.^th Sept: 1718
E. Captn
We have red atories from ur Pactor at t. Rgodelate We have rec.^d advices from our Factors at St Jago de Cuba
of their Intertion to dipatch a ship with a Carge of Sugars to be Consigned to his of their Intention to dispatch a ship with a Cargo of Sugars to be Consigned to Mess.^er
John & Saml Ott of Cadiy for our acco. But seeing at the same time as We gave John & Sam.^l Pitt of Cadiz for our acco.^t But seeing at the same time as We gave
Our Factori Orders fo send the said ship We directed them to Consign her to Mr Our Factors Orders to send the said ship We directed them to Consign her to M.^r
Nath Herne of ladiy and advised him thereof, And cannot see why our Tactory Nathl Herne of Cadiz and advised him thereof, And cannot see why our Factory
should take upon them to alter the said Consignment. We have thought fit and should take upon them to alter the said Consignment, We have thought fit and
do hereby desire you will deliver the said Sugars upon their arsival to the do hereby desire you will deliver the said Sugars upon their arrival to the
Said Mr Herne to whom We have writ concerning the same as also to the said Mr Herne to whom We have writ concerning the same as also to the
said Messrs John & Saml Pitt that they would Wave their Consignment said Messrs John & Sam.l Pitt that they would Wave their Consignment
in this favour pmant to our aforesaid orders & Intentions And for ye in His favour [pesant] to our aforesaid orders & Intentions & for yo.^r
so doing youmey be assured this Company will Indemnity you so doing you may be assured this Company will Indemnity you -
Wo are We are
Yor Loving Friends the Yor Loving Friends the
Comrs. of Correspondence Comee of Correspondence
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Robt Cheeter Robt Chester
Jno Plunt Jno Blunt
Jno. Fellowes Jno. Fellowes
By order of the Court of Dictors By order of the Court of Directors
of the South See Companyl. of the South Sea Company.
Directed To the comander of a hig from Directed To the comander of a Ship from
St Jago de Cuba with a largoe of Sgay St Jago de Cuba with a Cargoe of Sugars
for accot. of the South Sea Company for acco.^t. of the South Sea Company