said him for a Quarter's Salary, his Wife having reced it here. you are also to tale Paid him for a Quarter's Salary, his Wife having reced it here. you are also to take
Notice that in Ours of the 31s. October you have an account of what We have paid his Notice that in Ours of the 31st  October you have an account of what We have paid his
Wife in the whole. so that you are to lredit our Account with him accordingly Wife in the whole. so that you are toCredit our Account with him accordingly
Your Books & Accounts last sent are under Examination an what further Your Books & Accounts last sent are under Examination an what further
objections We rhall make will be transmited to you for yo. Cleasing themup. objections We rhall make will be transmited to you for yo.^r Clearing them up.
We have ated account of sales of the Plower by the George Auguitus We have reced account of sales of the Flower by the George Auguitus
and Speeowell the net Proceed of the 1. Amount ) to 379 f 4s and the other and Speedwell the net Proceed of the 1.^st Amounts to 379 P 4.^rs and the other -
to 1473 p 2d And approve your carrying the same to account of lash and not in to 1473 P 2.^rs And approve your carrying the same to account of Cash and not in
the books for the reasons you give the books for the reasons you give -
As to yor Query in relation to this matter you may bring it under such As to yo.^r Query in relation to this matter you may bring it under such
a Denomination at you think proper a Denomination at you think proper -
We are sory not withstanding ourgood Intentions in sending You the We are sorry not withstanding ourgood Intentions in sending You the
MaderaWine, It chould be construed as if they came for sale, by which reson Madera Wine, It should be construed as if they came for sale, by which reason
the Governour & Royal officers only Sufferes 12 to be manifested and the Governour & Royal officers only Suffered 12 to be manifested and
Permitted you to have Only 15 pipes and the 10 for the Royal officers were Permitted you to have Only 15 pipes and the 10 for the Royal officers were
brought back the other 5 Leaked out. The Prime coof of those 15 Sipes brought back the other 5 Leaked out. The Prime cost of those 15 Sipes
amount which to you'l credit oir account for according amount to which you'l credit oir account for accordingly 
We note the Difficulties youmct with in Landing the Plower by We note the Difficulties you met with in Landing the Flower by
the Herbert on pretence of these being) Flanders lace &a in the Mide the Herbert on pretence of these being Flanders lace & ca in the Middle
We are sorry it Proved so Ordinary We shall give our Directions for We are sorry it Proved so Ordinary We shall give our Directions for
the future concerning the Quality and also the Quantity to be seut as you the future concerning the Quality and also the Quantity to be sent as you
adeice vigh 1 Barrol to 1 egroe unless you find by your Market now advise vizt 1 Barrol to 1 negroe unless you find by yor Market none
will go off will go off
We note yor having rccovered from the Accomplices of the 2 Saloy We note yo^r having rccovered from the Accomplices of the 2 Sailors
of the Bedford who stole our Goods 107 f 4. We have recovered no of the Bedford who stole our Goods 107 f 4. We have recovered no
more nor evershall 16 here), on the 2 Letter of attorney than alreadye more nor evershall we here, on the 2 Letter of attorney than alreadye
adeised you advised you
As to the 2 pr Brocades missing flapt Liel, We note what As to the 2 pr Brocades missing of Capt Liel, We note what
you write about the Little Likelihood of finding them. We can have no you write about the Little Likelihood of finding them. We can have no
Satisfaction here since your adirces concerning thes did not some till te Satisfaction here since your advices concerning this did not come till we
had given the lapt a Gratuty for his service. had given the Capt a Gratiuty for his service.
1e We