Do Mr James Pym & the rest of the Factory To Mr James Pym & the rest of the Factory-
to the Royal British Assiento Company at to the Royal British Assiento Company at
Carthagena Carthagena
Fouth Sea House South Sea House
30 July 1718 30 July 1718
Gent. Gentn
Our last was the 30th April of the Swallowfield Capt. Pett Our last was the 30th april of the Swallowfield Capt Pitt
O Jamaia copy inclosed, since which have none from you. Va Jamaica copy inclosed, since which have none from you.
He hope our ship London is ere this arrived with you He hope our ship London is ere this arrived with you,
and that you have put in Execution the Cedula for transporting the and that you have put in Execution the Cedula for transporting the
Bedfords Goods from Cirthagena to Portobelo. And our orders for making Bedford's Goods from Carthagena to Portobelo. And our orders for making
the returns pheras large as Possible. the returns p her as large as Possible.
This comes to acquaint you that We are under great appreten= This comes to acquaint you that We are under great apprehen=
sions of a War with Spain. Which if it should happen will be in a few weeke =sions of a War with Spain. Which if it should happen will be in a few weeks
otherwrse We may expect a Setted Peace Our agent at Madrid has acquaintd otherwrse We may expect a Setted Peace: Our agent at Madrid has acquaintd
us for our Government in a Letter of the 27th June, that 2 avrsas were us for our Government in a Letter of the 27th June, that 2 avisos were
ordered away in Great hast from ladis. One for teraliug and the other ordered away in Great hast from cadiz. One for Vera Cruz and the other
for your Place but what their dispatches are Wecannot tell. Butletthey for your Place. but what their dispatches are We cannot tell. But lest they
should carry any orders prejudicial to our affairs We have cautioned our should carry any orders prejudicial to our affairs We have cautioned our
Several Factories to be upon their Guard. And to make us all the returne Several Factories to be upon their Guard, and to make us all the returns
they Possibly can, with the utmost expedition, that mnease of a Rupture they Possibly can, with the utmost expedition, that in case of a Rupture
We may have as few Efects in the Spanish Dominions as Possible. We may have as few Effects in the Spanish Dominions as Possible.
This comes fa Stoop from Barbadoes which We have ordered This comes P a Sloop from Barbadoes, which We have ordered
Mr Woobridge imediately to send down to you with a few Negroes to Qualify Mr Woodbridge immediately to send down to you with a few Negroes to Qualify
her for an assent vesel her for an assiento vessel
You are upon her arrival to take out such of them as you shall You are upon her arrival to take out such of them as you shall
think poper and dispatch her with the rest, together with all the money think proper and dispatch her with the rest, together with all the money
Truits & Effects yonpesibly can to Portobelo which you may do by Fruits & Effects you possibly can to Portobelo which you may do by
Bartering what Goods or Negroes may be left undisposed of against Bartering what Goods or Negroes may be left undisposed of against
the the