156 156
To Wilan Bumpasted Esq and the the To Wilan Bumpasted Esq and the the
Supna Carges of the Royal George Supna Carges of the Royal George
sent under lover to the Saml Agents sent under lover to the Saml Agents
o the Esex Capt. Gearing o the Esex Capt. Gearing
Iaith Ser Hlark Lordon Iaith Ser Hlark Lordon
Gentemon Gentemon
19 Novr 1729 19 Novr 1729
We have red you Lletes from Cautyene of the ye e We have red you Lletes from Cautyene of the ye e
ote ote
15. June and 18th July & 7th August, and are glas to hear of Your sase- 15. June and 18th July & 7th August, and are glas to hear of Your sase-
glad got safe glad got safe
arrival & the kind Recepstion you met with from the Gov Royal arrival & the kind Recepstion you met with from the Gov Royal
and well receive. and well receive.
Officers and others which we hope was a presage of a future god Officers and others which we hope was a presage of a future god
Htarmony We did not expect after the Directions we gave the Factory Htarmony We did not expect after the Directions we gave the Factory
Cory complain of the Factory Cory complain of the Factory
that they would have given you Occasion to complain either in tespuet that they would have given you Occasion to complain either in tespuet
of their behaviour towards Your selves or the delivering you the Godr of their behaviour towards Your selves or the delivering you the Godr
abouthe Pood they hee Mrsole, abouthe Pood they hee Mrsole,
wnoold which as You write us they seened to do with Relutanca ta wnoold which as You write us they seened to do with Relutanca ta
Convinced twas high Tume to take en out of their Hands when so lite Convinced twas high Tume to take en out of their Hands when so lite
the Factory are amwothy forit the Factory are amwothy forit
dusporition appeard in getting ud of them whe the tanding their solong. dusporition appeard in getting ud of them whe the tanding their solong.
expecting the Gallenes & our own stip, which ought to haveben prenetion expecting the Gallenes & our own stip, which ought to haveben prenetion
Arguments for their emptying the Warchouses Arguments for their emptying the Warchouses
We also observe that the Negos Trade is managed with the We also observe that the Negro Trade is managed with the
like Condurct, & that their not having leaened the Art of ingratiating like Conduct, & that their not having learned the Art of ingratiating
with the Sparads has been of geat pryed ine to the Compary ad ene with the Spaniards has been of geat prejudice to the Company and lessend
their own Influence. But we think tis to no purpose after to many their own Influence. But we think tis to no purpose after so many
Years as Some of them have been there to remind them of this partf Years as Some of them have been there to remind them of this part of
then bustnacheon. their Instructions
Snven However
Regrs trade ill managed
Factors not menof address
incamn to admonishem