Mr. owle Mr Bowles.
Iouhsea house 1t Sept. 1718 South Sea house 4th. Sept. 1718
Sur last was the 20 Ult. addressd to Mons. Louis Our last was the 28 Ulto addressd to Mons. Louis
du Livier of Bayonne copy inclosd. since which have reced yos of 26: 28:½ du Livier of Bayonne copy inclosd. since which have reced yo.^rs of 26.28^th &
& 29th of the rame Month & 29.^th of the Same Month
th understand by yor My Lords tanlope is come away We understand by yo.^rs My Lords Stanlope is come away
without succeeding in his Negotiation, and doubt not but soon offer he left that without succeeding in his Negotiation, and doubt not but soon offer he left that
Court they reed anaus, of the Spanish Fleck retreat from Seiuly and their Court they reced an acco.^t of the Spanish Fleet's retreat from Sicily and their
being afterwards defeted by Sr. Geo: Byng being afterwards defeated by S.^r. Geo: Byng.
If this junture the Court of Directors have thought If this junture the Court of Directors have thought
fit to rfer it to yor Self to Rovide foryor own Security and the Companyes fit to rfer it to yo.^r Self to Provide for yo.^r own Security and the Company's
Papere in such tanned as yousee proper. And as tow money or Effects of Papers in such manner as you see proper. And as to w.^h money or Effects of
the lod you may have in yor hands you may place the same in the hands of the Co.^s you may have in yo.^r hands you may place the same in the hands of
Mass s arthur & Crean of Madrid, or- take such other Methods as you shall Mess.^es arthur & Crean of Madrid, or_take such other Methods as you shall
see most for the Companys Safety. see most for the Companys Safety.
As to the Payment due the 1t November next to the King of As to the Payment due the 1.^st November next to the King of
Spain with the Sataries Anas Presents by the Court have Confirnmed what We Spain with the Salaries. Xmas Presents & the Court have Confirnmed what We
wrote you the last post, that you past wih no money till further Order. wrote you the last post, that you part with no money till further Order.
By thee Post the write to Mr Upaide concerning the 200 p y By this Post the write to Mr Uzardi concerning the 200 ps 8/8
advenced by him to Dr. Mant de Silve one of the Tunta, which the lowthere advanced by him to Dr Manl de Silva one of the Junta, which the Court have
thought fit to all ow him purely from the good opinion they heave of his Teal thought fit to allow him purely from the good opinion they heave of his Zeal
forthe lo. Service therein, but have lautioned him not to make any for the Cos Service therein, but have Cautioned him not to make any
further advances it being very unreasonable that We should part with further advances it being very unreasonable that We should part with
our money at this dintire wherall our affair are at a full stand for wth our money at this Junture where all our affairs are at a full stand for w.^ch
reasn Wecomead yor Prudence in not Complying with Mr Uardis Solectation reason We comend yor Prudence in not Complying with M.^r Uzardi's Solictation
on that luo on that acco.^t
You scn to Iutimate that it is Pretented they have a right to You seem to Intimate that it is Pretented they have a right to
desaud these Antripations before the times at which they become due, which demand these Anticipations before the times at which they become due, which
(if that were the Case)] We should not agree to yor making any advances (if that were the Case) We should not agree to yor making any advances
at all even the Our Affairs were lunt.. But We do not find either by at all ,even the Our Affairs were Currt But We do not find either by/
2 Yors