150 150
The Rcto the Mated Yon tok for repaying Condine Ren The Rcto the Mated Yon tok for repaying Condine Ren
the Mast or borlowd of him & for Supplying Yr Telves with fuch ther the Mast or borlowd of him & for Supplying Yr Telves with fuch ther
repaird Comodore Harris a Mast repaird Comodore Harris a Mast
You may for our Sloops You may for our Sloops
As You want a desent of Passes for the Neges Tige M As You want a desent of Passes for the Neges Tige M
Lapses shalbesent Lapses shalbesent
Supply them by the next Occasion. Supply them by the next Occasion.
We shall in the examining yor Acct be minefull of the We shall in the examining yor Acct be mindfull of the
Mistake yon mention in yor of the 9t. May last in yr. Act. of Cart an Mistake you mention in yors of the 9th. May last in yr. Act. of Costs and
mistake in the Negro Accot mistake in the Negro Accot
Charges of Negres w. Shall be rectifed Charges of Negroes wch. Shall be rectifed
As to the Ensignes You want for the License Vessels we As to the Ensignes You want for the License Vessels we
Ensigne for Licensd vepels shall be Ensigne for Licensd vepels shall be
sent sent
shall send you a half a Score as You desire by first Conveyance shall send you a half a Score as You desire by first Conveyance
Inclosed we send You such Credentials as You recomend in Inclosed we send You such Credentials as You recomend in
foe there fall he Oeasion fal par th fut an Oders in Eauatin wthe foe there fall he Oeasion fal par th fut an Oders in Eauatin wthe
Eredentials sent in case of Eredentials sent in case of
differences in ye Factorys differences in ye Factorys
respect to any Differences that may arise in our Factory respect to any Differences that may arise in our Factory
As to the Deficiency you mention of 6 Htides by our Sloy As to the Deficiency you mention of 6 Htides by our Sloy
hides wanting out B Deris hides wanting out B Deris
the Dr. Lewis you will do well to enquire after them, they have been the Dr. Lewis you will do well to enquire after them, they have been
to enquire after them to enquire after them
found upon Examination to have been skhypd here found upon Examination to have been skhypd here
We Note Yor Sales of the Iron Ware and if You caruot We Note Yor Sales of the Iron Ware and if You caruot
from wre- Anorils to from wre- Anorils to
dispose of the Anvils better You may return them to us dispose of the Anvils better You may return them to us
We think you did well in furishing the Carlton Asian We think you did well in furishing the Carlton Asian
Anchor ngphled the Carton Anchor ngphled the Carton
Comys. Ship with the Anchor, as you had no Appearance f weatin Comys. Ship with the Anchor, as you had no Appearance f weatin
it for our Service & it produced a considerable profit it for our Service & it produced a considerable profit
We are spleased with the Jnduat & Gallant Behavine o We are spleased with the Jnduat & Gallant Behavine o
Dapt Hedges of our Sloop St George when he was attackhd undublas Dapt Hedges of our Sloop St George when he was attackhd undublas
pleacd with Redges Callantry pleacd with Redges Callantry
Coloues by a Guard d Coast pyeate and appove yr giving he s ple Coloues by a Guard d Coast pyeate and appove yr giving he s ple