the King of Spain Indtulted regroes being as aforesaid to be deemed part the King of Spain Indulted negroes being as aforesaid to be deemed part
of the negroes We are obliged annually to Purnish. of the negroes We are obliged annually to Furnish.
We hape Matters will be setted in St. See by that time, General We hope Matters will be setted in Sta. Fee by that time ye General
Cedula of Indulto acrives that you will be able to put it in execution to Cedula of Indulto arrives that you will be able to put it in execution to
advantage, as also in the new Kingdom of Granada advantage, as also in the new Kingdom of Granada
We have considered what you write in relation to Our Piocuring We have considered what you write in relation to Our Procuring
a General ledula for indulting all pegroes introduced as well before a General Cedula for indulting all negroes introduced as well before
as since our Assiento in halfs with the King of Spain, and seeing We have as since our Assiento in halfs with the King of Spain, and seeing We have
got it entirely to ourselver, Mr Darzes request to be nominated in such got it entirely to ourselver, Mr D'arzes request to be nominated in such
a Comission is at an End. But if you find it requirite for our Interest a Comission is at an End. But if you find it requisite for our Interest
to imploy him in this Indulto you may do it in such manner as you to imploy him in this Indulto you may do it in such manner as you
think fit think fit
Concerning other Cedulas 4th Head Concerning other Cedulas
Inclosed is Duplicate of the ledule relating to Brze Negroes Inclosed is Duplicate of the Cedula relating to Prize Negroes
as to the asstract you sent of Cedulac granted to former Assientists As to the abstract you sent of Cedulas granted to former Assientists
We shall examine and give directions to Mr Bowles fortaking out such as We shall examine and give directions to Mr Bowles for taking out such as
Wappehend to be necessary, but you would have done well to have given We apprehend to be necessary, but you would have done well to have given
yor opinion therein. But as to any others which you say may be found yor opinion therein: But as to any others which you say may be found
in the Secretarys office of the Council of Iudies, We have writ him alieady in the Secretarys office of the Council of Indies, We have writ him already
about them, who answers that tho' all the ledulas granted to former about them, who answers that tho' all the ledulas granted to former
assentits are to be had there. yet not knowing which may be ofure assentists are to be had there. yet not knowing which may be of use
without perusing a Multitude of Books wherein other things arcespied without perusing a Multitude of Books wherein other things arcespied
it will be long finding emout and great charge in lopying many that are it will be long finding em out and great charge in copying many that are
needless and moreover they are all much easier to be found at larth needless and moreover they are all much easier to be found at Cartha
mucheasior to be founda a And We donit apprehend: but if they can be found there, that is a And We donit apprehend but if they can be found there, that is a
Sufficient Proof that they were granted. And then by the 42t. art; We Sufficient Proof that they were granted. And then by the 42.nd  art; We
are intitled to those Piviledges whether We take en out orno. However are intitled to those Piviledges whether We take en out or no. However
for Mr Bowless further Information and to make the taking them out for Mr Bowles's further Information and to make the taking them out
as easy and with as little charge as may be you will dowell to as easy and with as little charge as may be you will do well to
enquire enquire