3 We shall write to Mr Bowles on this head to procure aled 3 We shall write to Mr Bowles on this head to procure aled
against their intervention. If we find it to be Practicable otherwise against their intervention. If we find it to be Practicable otherwise
mut leave it to you to accomodate that matter in the best manner must leave it to you to accomodate that matter in the best manner
You can you can.
We cannot see by the ap. Contract they are intitled to 4. We cannot see by the ass: Contract they are intitled to
set themselves up as Directors without a Special Comrs from the set themselves up as Directors without a Special Comrs from the
King of Spain: But if they will do it. you must protest against
it and endeavour to get it off in the best manner you can it and endeavour to get it off in the best manner you can.
Herewith is Duplicate of the ledula which we sent 5. Herewith is Duplicate of the Cedula which We sent
you in Ours of 12th July last against the Duty of 2 1/2 PCent imposed
on the Buyers of our regroes and for recovering the money on the Buyers of our negroes and for recovering the money
Herewith also is Simple printed Copy of a ledula That 6 Herewith also is Simple printed Copy of a Cedula That
all pegroes taken as Prize shall be sold to our Factors at the rate all negroes taken as Prize shall be sold to our Factors at the rate
of 110 Ppps of Ind The Originals he expect from Madred by of 110 $ p ps  of Inda The Originals he expect from Madrid by
next post shall transmet to your and our other Factories. Thy next post shall transmit to your and our other Factories. This
Cedule is General & lircular and finishes the Law suit with Capt. Cedula is General & Circular and finishes the Lawsuit with Capt
Eulevers and all others of that kind wheresoever they are or shall Echevers and all others of that kind wheresoever they are or shall
be for the future. be for the future.
We note yor having presented the Now Convention and he 7 We note yo'll having presented the Now Convention and the
Cedula for its Execution. As to the Cedula for our annl. ship Cedula for it's Execution. As to the Cedula for our annl ship
bound for your parts. We have given Mr Bowles such ample bound for your parts. We have given Mr Bowles such ample
Directions to have it very express and Plain that she may gote Directions to have it very express and Plain that she may go to
Carth & Portob bothoreither and may sell her Leading in for Cartha & Portobo both or either and may sell her Loading in for or
the whole at both or either of the said Ports according to the time the whole at both or either of the said Ports according to the time
limitted by the aforesaid Convention and that in thes Cedula it be limitted by the aforesaid Convention and that in this Cedula it be
Provided that the ship We are now buiding particularly may be Provided that the ship We are now building particularly may be
admited as the next and ship without Incervention of Gov. R. off admitted as the next anl ship without Intervention of Govr R.C offl
or others as to measuremts of heror her largoe. But if that cant or others as to measuremts of her or her Cargoes. But if that can't
be Procued that the ledula only extend to measure he ship and be Procued that the Cedula only extend to measure the ship and
not the Goods. not the Goods.
Concerning Shiping Concerning Shiping
We have considered of the Bark you recomended 1 We have considered of the Bark you recomended
us