kept ashore of the Carthagena and 24 others and the Disbursements kept ashore of the Carthagena and 24 others and the Disbursements
charged in the same Account for house rent &c and observe the greatest part charged in the same Account for house rent &c and observe the greatest part
were sold at very Lowprices. That you had also sold 42, of the were sold at very Low prices. That you had also sold 42, of the
Princes Negroes, and setted with the Captn the number that were Princes Negroes, and setted with the Captn the number that were
over or under the ages Limited by his Instructions which we approve over or under the ages Limited by his Instructions which we approve
and desire you to continue your timely advices on that head that we and desire you to continue your timely advices on that head that we
may consider the same before Mr pass any Ship's Accounts. may consider the same before We pass any Ship's Accounts.
We approve youtahing from Captn. Hallum of the Claphen We approve you taking from Captn. Hallum of the Clapham
such part of his return goods as were Faleable with you or of nouse such part of his return goods as were Saleable with you or of no use
to our negroes, and your sending) nome the rest which we have r to our negroes, and your sending home the rest which we have recd
As to the Quality of the Negroes We have given and shall As to the Quality of the Negroes We have given and shall
continue to give the Proper Directions to all Our Comandr as you and continue to give the Proper Directions to all Our Comandrs as you and
Our several Pactorie recomend. Our several Factories recomend.
Our Panama Factory deny to have writ you that he 150 Our Panama Factory deny to have writ you that the 150
Negroes you formerly sent them & Captn Pauil were a good Pariel Negroes you formerly sent them & Captn Farril were a good Parcel
which you write us they did. Our Carth? Factory also advise us that which you write us they did. Our Cartha Factory also advise us that
Capt. Prott of the Royal Africa affirmed to them that the 64 Neger Capt. Foott of the Royal Africa affirmed to them that the 64 Negros
you took out of his ship were all as good as any he delivered. We you took out of his ship were all as good as any he delivered. We
hope youl take special lare to pich out only sucd as are really hope youl take special Care to pich out only such as are really
refuse and supply the number to ken out with such as are really good refuse and supply the number taken out with such as are really good
otherwise it puts us to a Charge without answering Our Purpose otherwise it puts us to a Charge without answering Our Purpose
The Panama Factory advise us That Gambia Negroes are The Panama Factory advise us That Gambia Negroes are
in grod Osteem with them which you'l observe in good Esteem with them which you'l observe
They also advise is of the Impracticableness of sending ng. They also advise is of the Impracticableness of sending negs
from Portobelo to Panama Via Chagra and their Reasons kem to be from Portobelo to Panama Via Chagra and their Reasons seem to be
very good for continuing in their old way very good for continuing in their old way
They also Write us that the 50 Barrels Pease yousent them They also Write us that the 50 Barrels Pease you sent them
proved a very had Art. the People having a great Aversion to them proved a very had Art. the People having a great Aversion to them
youwill for the future send no more of that or any other Provisian you will for the future send no more of that or any other Provisions
but such only as they write for from time to time. but such only as they write for from time to time.
We We