v. Satarie you would have paid to such attorney, and that signified to yor Satarie you would have paid to such attorney, and that signified to
the Council and entred in the Council Book. Of which you are to send us the Council and entred in the Council Book. Of which you are to send us
certificates signed by the Council and if any Die you are by the first certificates signed by the Council and if any Die you are by the first
opportunity afterwards to send us Certificates thereof. the time when opportunity afterwards to send us Certificates thereof. the time when
they died and also a State of each Persons account, there being no part they died and also a State of each Persons account, there being no part
of yor Salaries to be paid here till such Certificates & accounts dre reced of yor Salaries to be paid here till such Certificates & accounts dre reced
and such part as you so desire to be paid here is to be Sop'd at yor Place. and such part as you so desire to be paid here is to be Sop'd at yor Place.
Tho We have hereby assigned to each of you a Particular Orcinct of Tho We have hereby assigned to each of you a Particular Orcinct of
Duty, yet We expect, and do hereby enjoin all and every of you in all lases of Duty, yet We expect, and do hereby enjoin all and every of you in all lases of
peed to be Assistant to one another, that to the Company's affairs may not peed to be Assistant to one another, that to the Company's affairs may not
suffer through any Neglect for the Will being of the Company, and your suffer through any Neglect for the Will being of the Company, and your
own advantage depend upon the dupatch of our Business, and the keeping a own advantage depend upon the dupatch of our Business, and the keeping a
Regular account of yor Proceedings Regular account of yor Proceedings
If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted that may be If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted that may be
for you Government in better cerrying on our affairs. We must recomend. for you Government in better cerrying on our affairs. We must recomend.
it to you in yor Several Stations. To to act as may be mast for our it to you in yor Several Stations. To to act as may be mast for our
advantage. We must likewise recomends you Unammity and a good Concord advantage. We must likewise recomends you Unammity and a good Concord
in the Factory and in case in making any Bargain or other Transactions in the Factory and in case in making any Bargain or other Transactions
relating to our Afairs. You should happen to difer inpoint of Judgment you relating to our Afairs. You should happen to difer inpoint of Judgment you
are to submit to the Determination of the cheif: Entring yor respective are to submit to the Determination of the cheif: Entring yor respective
reasons for and against in the Council Book, which you are to transanl reasons for and against in the Council Book, which you are to transanl
to t by Every opportunity. But We hope no disputes will happey between to t by Every opportunity. But We hope no disputes will happey between
you. We remain you. We remain
Yor Loving Friends he Yor Loving Friends he
O Court of Directors of the O Court of Directors of the
South Sea Company South Sea Company
Coyof the 17 By Law most Inclosed Copy of the 17 By Law most Inclosed
Tno. Tellowe Tno. Tellowe
Sam. Shepheard De Sam. Shepheard De
A Raymond A Raymond
Dr DelaPorte Dr DelaPorte
Sem heade Sem heade
Jrcob Jacobsen Jrcob Jacobsen
Wm Morley Wm Morley
Chos. Lambert Chos. Lambert
John Gore John Gore
Wm Actell Wm Actell
Sepheulhild Sepheulhild
Jno Furner Jno Furner
Robt. Cheeter Robt. Cheeter
Ro Horsey Ro Horsey
Ed Gibbon Ed Gibbon
Fra: Eyles Fra: Eyles
John Thint. John Thint.
Ro. Houlditch Ro. Houlditch
Wm. Tillard Wm. Tillard