Ware now at the 25t Cant and yesterday We waited on his Mejety We are now at the 25.^th Curr.^t and yesterday We waited on his Majesty
at Hampton Court with a Representation of the Difficulties the Company _ at Hampton Court with a Representation of the Difficulties the Company _
Latrer unoer with respect to their Rade, which His Majesty was pleace Labour under with respect to their Trade, which His Majesty was pleased
to receive most graciously and gave a most Gracious answer to receive most graciously and gave amost Gracious answer
We shewed also to my Lord Sunderland and Mr Levitary lrags We shewed also to my Lord Sunderland and M.^r [Levitary lrags]
the foregoing part of this Letter who appeoved of it, and told us We might the foregoing part of this Letter who appeoved of it, and told us We might
sadd that it is his Majeity's Order, that We should pay no further duties add, that it is his Majesty's Order, that We should pay no further duties
till matters are adjuited. till matters are adjusted.
Mr Cath of Aacondarn wilpary Messrs Pall of Anterdan for the payment of yor Bills in favour of Mr. M.^r Pells of Amsterdam will pay 
We have reed yor of the 19th Instant and shall give directions to We have reced yo.^r of the 19.^th Instant and shall give directions to
Mr Cath of Aacondarn wilpary Messrs Pall of Anterdan for the payment of yor Bills in favour of Mr. Mess.^rs Pells of Amsterdam for the payment of yo.^r Bills in favour of M.^r
Wardi. Uzardi.
Chavalier lan returns to Madie Chavalier Eon returns to Madrid.
"The Chevrtier lon writ us a very livil Letter the 19t. Inst: The Chevatier Eon writ us a very Civil Letter the 19.^th. Inst:
that he had obtained Leave to Return to madrid upon his own Prioate that he had obtained Leave to Return to madrid upon his own Private
Affairs. And it is Reported thet he set out from hence yesterday Affairs. And it is Reported that he set out from home yesterday
Weare We are
Yor Loving Friends the Court of Yo.^r Loving Friends the Court of
Directors of the South balomgan Directors of the South Sea Company
Ia Batemau SubGor ja Batemau Sub Gov.^r
Jno Blunt Jn.^o Blunt
Harcourt Master Harcourt Master
Jacob Lawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Jacob Lacobsen Jacob Jacobssn
Sam: Reade Sam: Reade
A Raymend H Raymond
Charles Soye Charles Joye
Tho Reynolds Tho Reynolds
S. Delaporte P.^r. De laporte
R Horley R.^d Horsey
Wm Morley W.^m Morley
Ambrose Oage Ambrose Page
Richd Houlditch Rich.^d Houlditch
James Edmundson James Edmundson
Ste: Child Ste: Chred.
Jno Fellowes Jn.^o Fellowes
Robert Chetter Robert Chester
Ansu 31 Octr. 1778 Answ^d 31 Oct.^r. 1778