Mes Cach. Rob. Lortherl His Excelly. Robt. Lowther Esq
South Sea House South Sea House
London 22 Jams 1717 London 22 Jany 1717
Excell. I. Excellt. Sr.
Wel the Count of Directors of the South Sea Compay Well the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company
have appointed Diebey woodbridge of Barbados Esqr to be ou agent and have appointed Dudley woodbridge of Barbados Esqr to be our agent and
Drector Generall for the Affaire of the Assiente on that Island; And Drector Generall for the Affaire of the Assiento on that Island; And
having Comitted to his Trust Cars and Management the Issuring out having Comitted to his Trust Care and Management the Issuring our
Lvencee for Introducing Negroe into Severall ports of the Sainsh wast License for Introducing Negroes into Several ports of the Spanish West
Indies, and other Matters wslating to the said Trade; & And having Indies, and other Matters relating to the said Trade; & And having
Ordered Our Ships Designed for the Supply of the Spainsh whst Indiey Ordered Our Ships Designed for the Supply of the Spanish West Indies
to touch at the said Island to Land and Rosreth then Negroe And to touch at the said Island to Land and Refesh their Negroes And
being sensible how much it emports the Company that the said Mr being sensible how much it imports the Company that the said Mr
Woodbridge and om affaire under his Marage went Should have Countenanc Woodbridge and our affairs under his Maragement Should have Countenance
and protection from your Government Wee take this oxportunity to and protection from your Government: Wee take this opportunity to
retomend the same to your Ecelleny, and Earnestly to Intreat you, That recomend the same to your Excellency, and Earnestly to Intreat you, That
upon Application to be made to you from time to time by our said upon Application to be made to you from time to time by our said
Agent You will be pleased to give such Countenance, protection and Agent You will be pleased to give such Countenance, protection and
Dispatch as shall be reasonable and Consistent, and as the Cormmstances Dispatch as shall be reasonable and Consistent, and as the Circumstances
of the Companye Affaire shall stand in theod of. At the same time wee of the Company's Affaire shall stand in stead of. At the same time wee
cannot Omitt to returne you Enll one hearty Thanke & ackinaledgent cannot Omitt to returne yo:r Excelly our hearty Thanks & acknowledgemt
for the good Officer for the good Offices Mr Wordbridge in foume 10 for the good Officer for the good Offices Mr Woodbridge in form us 
you have hitherto done him with respect to the Companye Affaire under his you have hitherto done him with respect to the Company's Affaire under his
Monagement Management.
From the great Exsians tese have had of the Kings Godnesse From the great Experiences we have had of the Kings Goodness
in profecting one affaire, Breleing wch when under any Difficutty so or in protecting our affairs, and relieving us when under any Difficuttys or
Embarrassments, Wee are assued that what good Officed You shall be paid Embarrassments, Wee are assured that what good Offices You shall be pleas'd
to Do the Compse will be very amoptable to his Majesty; and wee shall to Do the Compa will be very acceptable to his Majesty; and wee shall
allwaye o aaknowledge the same with the quentest Esteem and Rwect allways acknowledge the same with the qreatest Esteem and Respect
Wee wish Your Excalleny Simess in yor Government, So ad may Wee wish Your Excellency Success in yor Government, So we may
Addound to the Am of the King, the Good offom Countrey, and of the rebound to the Honr of the King, the Good of our Countrey, and of the
Couerce Your of Excell this mest Company obedient Wee & are most humble Comerce of the Company Wee are Yor Excelly most obedient & most humble
Servt. The Count of Diwedors Servts. The Court of Directors
Bopd Ho Witet [Bopd Ho Witet]
P.Delat P.D:la port
An8 134 [An8 134]
wIstell wm Astell
R Horsey R Horsey
Anount Master [Anount Master]
L: Blackwell L: Blackwell
Ja Bateman Sub Gov. Ja Bateman Sub Gov.
Porob Parlson [throd Jansson]
Sam Shepheard Dep Sam Shepheard Dep:^y
Wm Clasman Wm Chapman
Hony Dirby Homy Dunbsy
Fish Buck [Fish Buck]
227 [227]
Theod Tanken Theod Tanken
Robt Chater Rob^t Chester
H Hawes H Hawes
T Hamont T Hamont
F. Raymond H. Raymond