To Mr Charles Read President and the To Mr Charles Read President and the
rest of the Factory of the Royal British Assunto rest of the Factory of the Royal British Assunto
Company at LaveralmcD Company at La Vera Cruz.
Sent. Gentn
South Sea house South Sea house
30th July 1718 30th July 1718
Our last was the 13th & 14th Inne (eopy inclosed o Our Our last was the 13th & 14th June (copy inclosed) of Our
Canaryship the Herbert Galley which sailed from the Downes the Latter end Canaryship the Herbert Galley which sailed from the Downes the Latter end
of the said Month, wherein Wegare you very full and ample directions for of the said Month, wherein We gave you very full and ample directions for
making all Possible returns by that ship. that in case of a Rupture between making all possible returns by that ship. that in case of a Rupture between
Great Britain & Spain We might have as few effects as Possible in that Country Great Britain & Spain We might have as few effects as Possible in that country
which orders We now confirm. And are further to add, that the Affairs which orders We now confirm. And are further to add, that the Affairs
between the 2 Crowns seem now at a crisis and A few days are likely to between the 2 Crowns seem now at a crisis and A few days are likely to
determine forattar or a Setted Peace Dur agent at Modrid has acquainted determine fora War or a Setled Peace . Dur agent at Madrid has acquainted
us in a Letter dated the 27th June for our Government that Two Arsos were us in a Letter dated the 27th June for our Government that Two Avisos were
ordered away in great hast from lady. One for Mr Port, the other for Carthagara ordered away in great hast from lady. One for yo.^r Port, the other for Carthagena
but what their dispatches are We cannot tell. And lest they should cany any but what their dispatches are We cannot tell. And lest they should carry any
Orders prejudicial to our affairs. We have writ to our Severel Pactories Orders prejudicial to our affairs. We have writ to our Severel Factories
to be upon their Guard and to make us all the returns the y Possibly can with to be upon their Guard and to make us all the returns they Possibly can with
the utmost Expedition, that in lase of a War We may be as small sufferers the utmost Expedition, that in Case of a War We may be as small sufferers
as Posible. as Possible.
This comes by a Sloop from Samaica, which We have ordered This comes by a Sloop from Jamaica, which We have ordered
Our agents there to send down to you with 20 or 30 Negroes to Qualify her Our agents there to send down to you with 20 or 30 Negroes to Qualify her
foran Assents ship. for an Assiento ship.
You are imediately upon her Arrioal to use you utmost diligence You are imediately upon her Arrival to use yor utmost diligence
and Eforts to Lade her with all the money Iruuits & Efects you Possiblycan and Efforts to Lade her with all the money Fruits & Effects you Possibly can
which We hope youl be able to accomplish by the Methoas laid down in the which We hope you'l be able to accomplish by the Methods laid down in the
Comitte of Conrespondence's Letter of the 14th June. And his you are to do with Comittee of Conrespondence's Letter of the 14th June, and this you are to do with
the utmost Expedtion. The nature of this affair not admiting of the leact the utmost Expedtion. The nature of this affair not admitting of the least
delay consigning he same back to Our agents at Samaica delay consigning the same back to Our agents at Jamaica.
And whereas We ordered the Herbert Galley in her return And whereas We ordered the Herbert Galley in her return
from from