152 152
The Comis Slosps being by our present Orders to be under the The Comps Sloops being by our present Orders to be under the
Direction of the respective Fackarys during their stay with them W. hon Direction of the respective Factorys during their stay with them We have
Considerd the Pituation of our Affairs at Carthagena & Portobels foe Considerd the situation of our Affairs at Carthagena & Portobelo and
being of Opinion that as our Supra Cargoes by the Royal Gerge and being of Opinion that as our Supra Cargoes by the Royal George are
intrusted with Co great Concerns in those parts it may be of great intrusted with so great Concerns in these parts it may be of great
Importance to the Comps. Service in general that the sloops should be Importance to the Compa. Service in general that these sloops should be
under their Dirctions during the stay of our supra fargres we have under their Directions during the stay of our supra cargoes we have
drected it accordingly. And that our service in particular relating tothe directed it accordingly. And that our service in particular relating to the
Negrs Trade may not suffer we have directed our Factory bo th at Canth Negro Trade may not suffer we have directed our Factory both at Cartha
Panama & Portobels to advrice & consult io our Supra Cargoes whenewer Panama & Portobelo to advrise & consult wth our Supra Cargoes whenever
they may have Occasion to wite for Regr or to make return to Damaia they may have Occasion to write for negs or to make returns to Jamaica
who have our Directions to accomodate the same as they see best for om who have our Directions to accomodate the same as they see best for our
Service in genral Service in general.
We have received the Treasure and other Effects Youfart We have received the Treasure and other Effects You sent
ur by the Mermard and Nonsuch Men of War & other ships mention us by the Mermaid and Non such Men of War & other ships mentiond
Fasureto by the Mennaid & Treasure & by the Mermaid &
Nonsuch receivd Nonsuch receiv'd.
in your several Letter. The Invoyces of which are under Examination in your several Letters. The Invoyces of which are under Examination
But as we find the Gold is extreme bad and the Freight was to be paid But as we find the Gold is extreme bad and the Freight was to be paid
Gold very bad Gold very bad
Sonching the Freight touching the Freight
according to the pt of 3/ they made it amount to which was greatyn according to the pt of 8/8 they made it amount to which was greatly.
over valued we Suffer propertionably in the Fruight you will herefoe over valued we Suffer proportionably in the Freight you will therefore
give Directions to our Factors to prevent this for the future of we give Directions to our Factors to prevent this for the future of we
Cold to be Esaye. Gold to be Esay'd.
canget an Account of the Golds Value according to the Eay can get an Account of the Golds Value according to the Essay
here, we shall send it you inclosed. For We have alway here, we shall send it you inclosed: For We have always
Cartagen Factory sho not take Fold Cartagen Factory sho^d not take Gold
ban great Suferers by the Golf rom Carthagea To that the- been great Suferers by the Gold from Carthagena To that the-
Factory Factory