South Sea house South Sea house
Lond 31s October 1717 Londo 31st October 1717
Mr. William Farril Mr. William Farril
We reced yr Letters of the 20th October 176 and 1 We reced yor Letters of the 20th October 1716 and 1
March and copy of another of the same date and one of the 3d April last gian March and copy of another of the same date and one of the 3d  April last giving 
an account of y0 Procedings in our Service at the Htavanah an account of yor Procedings in our Service at the Havanah
We approve yor Prosecuting Mous Tonchee the French Pactor We approve yor Prosecuting Mousnr Jonchee the French Factory
for the Negr. Imported by him since 1 May 1713 and noteyo having obtained for the Neg:. Imported by him since 1st May 1713 and note yor having obtained
Judgment for the Profits with the Indults on them and that he refusing to Judgment for the Profits with the Indults on them and that he refusing to
pay the same into your hands you had Imprison'd him, embargd his pay the same into your hands you had Imprison'd him, embargd his
Goods & c That he had resolved to abide Imprisonment till His Cath Majesty Goods & Ca That he had resolved to abide Imprisonment till His Cath Majesty
pleasure be known and also anorder come from His Company for paying pleasure be known and also an order come from His Company for paying
into you hands what money) is due to said Co in the Havana. That you into yor  hands what money is due to said Co in the Havana. That you
have writ to our agents at Madrid the necessary Directions relating to this affair have writ to our agents at Madrid the necessary Directions relating to this affair
and remitted copy of the Certificate taken out of the Royd Contaduria of the and remitted copy of the Certificate taken out of the Royl Contaduria of the
Th Pspecution of Mony Sone of Regroes Imported by Dd French Factor Sine 1t May m3. which we approve no of negroes Imported by sd. French Factor Since 1st May 1713. which we approve
and have also writ hereupon to our agents at Madnd in Order to get the aforesaid and have also writ hereupon to our agents at Madrid in Order to get the aforesaid
Sentence confirmed that the money and other Imbargm. may be paid and deliah Sentence confirmed that the money and other Imbargmt. may be paid and deliverd to
t Hunderstand the sentence extends to oblige him to pay only the Profits wth that we understand the sentence extends to oblige him to pay only the: Profits wth 
the Indutts on thea Negroes after deducting the Charges which accrued on them the Indulto on then Negroes after deducting the Charges which accrued on them
Whereas by the 13 art of the Ass. the Negroes are expressly declared confiseate Whereas by the 18 art of the Asso the negroes are  expressly declared confiscate  
& sorfited to this Company and as for what is pretended by said Sonchee that his & forfeited to this Company and as for what is pretended by said Jonchee that his
eath Majesty has determined that all such profits as have been made of the Cath Majesty has determined that all such profits as have been made of the
assiento till such time as our Factors had taken possession should bedeemed assiento till such time as our Factors had taken possession should be  deemed
a Right and Property of the French assiants. He know of no such Deternd a Right and Property of the French assianto. He know of no such Determd
of the King of Spain, but on the Contrary the said 18th Art has sufficiently of the King of Spain, but on the Contrary the said 18th Art has sufficiently
Provided for us if we had not taken Possession to this day. it being therein Provided for us if we had not taken. Possession to this day. it being therein
expressly stipulated that from the 1 May 1713. till We should take Possession expressly stipulated that from the 1.st  May 1713. till We should take Possession
of the Assiento. Nor after Our taking Possession. it should not be Lawfull of the Assiento. Nor after Our taking Possession. it should not be Lawfull
forthe French Guinea Company or any other Person whateoever to introduce for the French Guinea Company or any other Person whatsoever to introduce
any negree slave into Indea and declares en confiscate in favour of thiil any negroe slave into India and declares en confiscate in favour of thul: 
as aforesaid so that that inmere Pretence. However if Jonchee will consent as aforesaid so that that in mere Pretence. However if Jonchee will consent
Irelease him o the French Effects without any more ado and pay an Indulto of 100 t par of India for all the seo he without any more ado and pay an Indulto of 100 P p PS of  India for all the negr he
has introduced since May 1713, It will be advisable for yort to take the money and has introduced since 1. May 1713, It will be advisable for you to take the money and x 
Weare glas to find yo Judge Consero To Dealonsa Man for our service We are glad to find yr Judge Conservt so zealous a Man for our service
We have writ in his behalf to our agent at Madtid to do what is necessary to support We have writ in his behalf to our agent at Madrid to do what is necessary to support
his Interest and shall also use our good offices with the marg Monteleon here to thay his Interest and shall also use our good offices with the marqs Monteleon here to that 
end as you recomend. end as you recomend.
We note what you write concerning the Indulto and doubt not but you We note what you write concerning the Indulto and doubt not but you
will do yo utmost for our service on that head when you think fit to put it into will do you utmost for our service on that head when you think fit to put it into
Pactice Practice
We We