Instructions given by the Court of Directors of Instructions given by the Court of Directors of
the Royal Britich Assiente Company) to Mr John Sle the Royal British Assiento Company to Mr John Hoskins
appointed to assit the Factory at Lavera Cuz in the appointed to assist the Factory at La vera Cruz in the
viewing eochincal Indias & viewing cochincal Indico &.
Mr John Heshins Mr John Hoshins
fe having thought fit to appoint you to We having thought fit to appoint you to
Assit Our Factory at Veralrur in viewing & Examining lochineal Assist Our Factory at Vera Cruz in viewing & Examining [lochineal]
Indico and other Dying Wares & Drugs. We direct you forthwith Indico and other Dying Wares & Drugs. We direct you forthwith
to go onboard Ourship the Royal Prince. and take your Papage to go onboard Ourship the Royal Prince and take your Passage
in her thither (having ordered capt. laymond to receive you, to give in her thither (having ordered capt^.n Raymond to receive you, to give
You proper accomodation and entertain you at luitable during the You proper accomodation and entertain you at Suitable during the
Voyage Asid upon your arrival there you are to apply to ove Voyage) And upon your arrival there you are to apply to our
Factory, and take their direction in all things relating to our Factory, and take their directions in all things relating to our
Pervice Service.
You are to assit our said Factory according to the bet You are to assist our said Factory according to the best
of your shill & Judgment in viewing & Examining. Cochineal of your skill & Judgment in viewing & Examining. Cochineal
Indico Diugs and o ther dying wares, taking care that they be Indico Drugs and other dying wares, taking care that they be
the best in their kinds, for which end you are to bore the te the best in their kinds, for which end you are to bore the [sev]
Surones aud cheits of Indigs offerd to be sold our Pactory and [Suzones] aud checks of Indigo offer'd to be sold our Factory and
to take all other methods that are necessary to see that the said to take all other methods that are necessary to see that the said
Indico and other Drugs & Wares be as good at least al the Indico and other Drugs & Wares be as good at least as the
Samplee shown and take care to give Our Factory anaud Samples shown and take care to give Our Factory an acco^.t
of the nature. Kind and value thereof. of the nature. Kind and value thereof.
Youare to be apiting to our said Factory in all other You are to be assisting to our said Factory in all other
things they shall direct to the utmost of your Power and followo things they shall direct to the utmost of your Power and [followo]
such orders at you shall from time to time receive from them such orders as you shall from time to time receive from them
In case Our Pactory shall think it needfull for you In case Our Factory shall think it needfull for you
to stay with them. You are then to remain at verax my to stay with them. You are then to remain at vera Cruz.