of our Annual ship. In lavour of which His Cath: Majesty has by- of our Annual ship. In favour of which His Cath: Majesty has by-
Cedula granted us the Liberty of the Markets both of carthagene and Cedula granted us the Liberty of the Markets both of carthagena and    
Portobelo in like manner as the Galleons. Portobelo in like manner as the Galleons.
(This comes by the London Capt. Lillewhite. whom We advied This comes by the London Captn. Lillewhite whom We advised
you We had freighted to transport the Goods from Samaice to Portobels you We had freighted to transport the Goods from Jamaica to Portobelo
But having alter'd our Resolution as aforesaid, she is ordered to take in But having alter'd our Resolution as aforesaid, she is ordered to take in
at Samaica 200 Negroes to be delivered at Carthagena, and there to take at Jamaica 200 Negroes to be delivered at Carthagena, and there to take
in all or so many of the Bedfords Goods as she can Carry) and in lase in all or so many of the Bedfords Goods as she can Carry and in case
and Tramsport the ded ford Good she cannot take in the whole, then the rest is to be put on board the man of she cannot take in the whole, then the rest is to be put on board the man of
War, under whose convoy the London is to Procced to Portobelo, But in War, under whose convoy the London is to Proceed to Portobelo, But in
case by any means the man of War should not be able to Proceed. the case by any means the man of War should not be able to Proceed. the
London is to make the best of her way without her. London is to make the best of her way without her.
We have ordered the Carthagena Factory to Ladeson the We have ordered the Carthagena Factory to Lade on the
London as much Gold Silver and other effects as Possibly they can London as much Gold Silver and other effects as Possibly they can
consigning them to us at the Port of London. And you are not to fail to do consigning them to us at the Port of London. And you are not to fail to do
the same with what you can gather up. That the returns by this the same with what you can gather up. That the returns by this
ship may be as large as Possible the being of Force & Countenance ship may be as large as Possible she being of Force & Countenance
And having the opportunity of Convoy, and being sent cneply to bring And having the opportunity of Convoy, and being sent cheifly to bring
back our Returns back our Returns
Inclosed you have the Terms of Hter Charterparty for yor. Inclosed you have the Terms of Her Charterparty for yor.
Government. The Live We send to Our agents at Jamaica and Factor Government. The Like We send to Our agents at Jamaica and Factors
at Carthagena. at Carthagena.
In Case you can procure the man of War to convoy the In Case you can procure the man of War to convoy the
London thro the Gulgh of Posida. In such case youare to direct London thro the Gulph of Florida. In such case youare to direct
her to call at the Htavana & take from Mr Tarril what Effects of our her to call at the Havana & take from Mr Farril what Effects of our
he has and proceed theme directly to the Port of London. But if you he has and proceed theme directly to the Port of London. But if you
cannot obstain such Convoy, then she is to Proceed under Convoy of the cannot obtain such Convoy, then she is to Proceed under Convoy of the
Man of War from Portobelo to Samaica, from whence she is to return Man of War from Portobelo to Jamaica, from whence she is to return
with the first convoy which shall see her clear of the Islands. with the first convoy which shall see her clear of the Islands.
Inclosed We said you His Cath Maj. Cedula for a General Inclosed We send you His Cath: Majty. Cedula for a General
Indulto Indulto