of 29th March last adising that the Autor relating to Mons. Smekee the Freuch of 29th March last adising that the Autor relating to Mons. Smekee the Freuch
Factor there were remited by the Gov. to the King of Spain and Council of Factor there were remited by the Gov. to the King of Spain and Council of
Indies by the hands of a Gent? which went to be Tieal of said Court and that Indies by the hands of a Gent? which went to be Tieal of said Court and that
at a hou he Eestian the Mr herete sam say Farril wrote you in relat at the say a Mr Farril wrote you in relat hou herete he sam Eestian
aEdbe sermeke cand indepatt of the lasn Mr Tanshas not t aEdbe sermeke cand indepatt of the lasn Mr Tanshas not t
Iri probable re may be arrived. Vou will do well therefore to make street Iri probable re may be arrived. Vou will do well therefore to make street
enquiry offer the seawtor. enquiry offer the seawtor.
Our said Factorfurther advices us in these word s I dont think it Our said Factorfurther advices us in these word s I dont think it
consutent with the Roydl Company's Interest to treatwith Mons Tonehee consutent with the Roydl Company's Interest to treatwith Mons Tonehee
according as yor Honl have comanded me relating the Indulto of said Regroe according as yor Honl have comanded me relating the Indulto of said Regroe
To Introduced, first knowing since he has made his appeal to the Court of To Introduced, first knowing since he has made his appeal to the Court of
& Spain it is not in his Cower to make any Composition till his cMr. pleasue & Spain it is not in his Cower to make any Composition till his cMr. pleasue
is known and should it be in Our Favour as there is no room to doubt is known and should it be in Our Favour as there is no room to doubt
"it I shall then take he best measures I can and shall most punctually "it I shall then take he best measures I can and shall most punctually
obey yor. Honours comands in taking the 100 pr pp: de India IfI find obey yor. Honours comands in taking the 100 pr pp: de India IfI find
no Possibility for recovering the whole ams, which will be a Consid no Possibility for recovering the whole ams, which will be a Consid
­:erably greatersum. We daily) expect Vessels from Spain in whomble ­:erably greatersum. We daily) expect Vessels from Spain in whomble
hope to see he Kings Determination relating to said Lawsuit he hope to see he Kings Determination relating to said Lawsuit he
said Sonehee having ree. a Cedule from the King of Spain which was said Sonehee having ree. a Cedule from the King of Spain which was
procured for him by the Procurator of the Council of the IIndies- procured for him by the Procurator of the Council of the IIndies-
icuauing the Govern that was Dr Bisente Raaas for the Ingriong icuauing the Govern that was Dr Bisente Raaas for the Ingriong
of him and embargoing his Goods which was occasioned by a Talse of him and embargoing his Goods which was occasioned by a Talse
Representation of said Sonehee and said Procurater to King & Council Representation of said Sonehee and said Procurater to King & Council
but however said Cedula have served to Deter Ary Person in this but however said Cedula have served to Deter Ary Person in this
Government to intermedle in this affair and have lwelld the French Government to intermedle in this affair and have lwelld the French
Tactor with so muah vauity that he had Procured an order from Tactor with so muah vauity that he had Procured an order from
i under this Governhand that I should not stire out the city walls till i under this Governhand that I should not stire out the city walls till
I had given in Security to say said Factor Tenthousand ps Eo for I had given in Security to say said Factor Tenthousand ps Eo for
the Damages and expenies he was at in the Law sut and in goal, the Damages and expenies he was at in the Law sut and in goal,
but upon better consideration they have let drop the suit. but upon better consideration they have let drop the suit.
On the 22d Inst arrived from Vere Cauy the Serah Galley Capt On the 22d Inst arrived from Vere Cauy the Serah Galley Capt
George Vesson which went out with the Royal Prince as 150 Trnship wth George Vesson which went out with the Royal Prince as 150 Trnship wth
Sores departed themce about the 20th March The came in Ballet the Sores departed themce about the 20th March The came in Ballet the
Vice Roy not termiting any Logwood to be sold under 4 pd to pe Kintale Vice Roy not termiting any Logwood to be sold under 4 pd to pe Kintale