South Seahouse South Sea house
London 26th Febry 7 London 26th Febry 7
Mr Wilam Pavil Mr William Farril
Our last was the 31. October, which We delivered to Mr Our last was the 31. October, which We delivered to Mr
Wooderdge to forward to you via Bardadse (eopy inclosed) wherein the anwuored Woodbridge to forward to you via Bardados (copy inclosed) wherein We answered
all your Letters thencome to land We have since read from you Two Letter all your Letters then come to hand We have since read from you Two Letter
without date one via Old Spain forwarded to us by Mr. Bowles Our agent without date one via Old Spain forwarded to us by Mr. Bowles Our agent
at Madrid, and the other Via Samrica with Several accounts & Papers at Madrid, and the other Via Jamaica with Several accounts & Papers
of which you take no notice in your Letters, which for the future We of which you take no notice in your Letters, which for the future We
direct you not to omit, and send a List of them. We are now to acquaint direct you not to omit, and send a List of them. We are now to acquaint
you That We have appointed Mr Wargent Nicolson to asist you who you That We have appointed Mr Wargent Nicolson to asist you who
is a good accountant, and Mr. John Garraro to be writer. The Latter is is a good accountant, and Mr. John Garrard to be writer. The Latter is
already emlarked with Mr Woodbridge for Barbadoes and Mr Ricdlon already emlarked with Mr Woodbridge for Barbadoes and Mr Nicolson
is suddenly to depart, by whom We shall write you fully. This comey is suddenly to depart, by whom We shall write you fully. This comes
to acquaint you. That We have freighted the London Captn. Lillewpite to acquaint you. That We have freighted the London Captn. Lillewhite
who is to depart hence in a day or two for Samaica, Carthagene and Janana who is to depart hence in a day or two for Jamaica, Carthagena and Panama
ts transport the Bedford's Goods lying at Carthagena to Portobelo, pursuant to transport the Bedford's Goods lying at Carthagena to Portobelo, pursuant
to the King of Spains cedula in that behalf, but cheifly to bring home to the King of Spains cedula in that behalf, but cheifly to bring home
Our Effects. We have given orders to this ship. That in ease Our Factors at Our Effects. We have given orders to this ship. That in case Our Factors at
Portobelo can procure the man of War (whom the Admiralty here have Portobelo can procure the man of War (whom the Admiralty here have
ordered to asit in carrying the aforesaid Goods) to convoy our ship thro' ordered to asit in carrying the aforesaid Goods) to convoy our ship thro'
the Gulph of Plosida. In such lase she is to proceed from Portobelo to the Gulph of Florida. In such case she is to proceed from Portobelo to
the Havana and take in all such Gold Silver & Effects as you shall be able to the Havana and take in all such Gold Silver & Effects as you shall be able to
put on boardher which youare not to fail to do that the returns by this put on board her which youare not to fail to do that the returns by this
ship may be as large as possible she being a ship offorce & Countenance ship may be as large as possible she being a ship of force & Countenance
and having such opportunity of Convoy. and being freighted cheifly to king and having such opportunity of Convoy. and being freighted cheifly to bring
back our Returns, and may not have so good an opportunity for a back our Returns, and may not have so good an opportunity for a
Considerable time. We approve your writing the necessary directions Considerable time. We approve your writing the necessary directions
to Mr Bowles at Madred for bringing the affair of Mr. Sonchee toau, to Mr Bowles at Madrid for bringing the affair of Mr. Jonchee to an,
End and your tranmitting to him the certificate you took out of the End and your tranmitting to him the certificate you took out of the
Royal Contadunia of the number of Negroes Imported by said Sonekee. Royal Contaduria of the number of Negroes Imported by said Jonchee.
since 1s May 1713. We have also writ Mr Powlee hereupon and sent since 1s May 1713. We have also writ Mr Bowles hereupon and sent
the the