of the ships that carried the Negroes, had orders that such Negroes of the ships that carried the Negroes, had orders that such Negroes
as the Gov. should refuse should be sent to the Havanan. We as the Govr. should refuse should be sent to the Havanah. We
think our Selves very ill used by that Gov. as well in the neg. think our Selves very ill used by that Govr. as well in the negs.
sent for theuse of the King of Spain as in the treatment of sent for the use of the King of Spain as in the treatment of
the agents We formerly sent there upon Our account, whereof the agents We formerly sent there upon Our account, whereof
you may complain as you see occasion. you may complain as you see occasion.
Weare We are
or Loving Freuds Yor Loving Friends
The Comittee of Correpondce The Comittee of Correspond^ce
Saml. Shepheard Dep. Saml. Shepheard Dep.
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Answere 24 May Answerd 24 May
To Messrs John Thouppe Esqr. President To Messrs John Thruppe Esqr. President
Bened Phistlethwayte Tere Mount & Benedt Thistlethwayte Jere Mount &
Jas De Lannoy Factors to the British Royal Josph De Lannoy Factors to the British Royal
Assento company at Bulnos Ayres Assento company at Buenos Ayres
South Scahouse South Sea house
London 3d May 1717. London 3d May 1717.
Sent Gentn
Our last was the 29th March & the Thos Our last was the 29th March P the Thos
and Deborah who sailed the 23th April from the Townes and and Deborah who sailed the 23th April from the Downes and
is bound to Whidah for 450 Regroes to be delivered at your Port is bound to Whidah for 450 Negroes to be delivered at your Port
and to bring home 9ood hides. and as many) more as with and to bring home 9000 hides. and as many more as with
close Steeving you can load on board: of which Letter inclosed close Steeving you can load on board: of which Letter inclosed
is a Copy. is a Copy.
This comes by the Europe Capt. Samis Dufay. This comes by the Europe Captn. James Dufay.
which we advised you in our last. We had taken up. she is bound which we advised you in our last. We had taken up. she is bound
to Whidah for 450 hegroes. You are carefully to peruse the to Whidah for 450 negroes. You are carefully to peruse the
Captn. Captn.