We shall take into Consideration what you recomend as of the greatest advant We shall take into Consideration what you recomend as of the greatest advant
age to the Company from your Pactory in respect to Our agreeing with theKking of pain age to the Company from yor Factory in respect to Our agreeing with thinking of pain
to take a quentity of snuff yearly at a lertain Price, and shall advise you the result as to take a quantity of snuff yearly at a Certain Price, and shall advise you the result as
soon as Posible. soon as Posible.
Weare glad to hear You have To good a vent for Negroes and shall give orders to We are glad to hear You have so good a vent for Negroes and shall give orders to
Mr Woodbridge Our agent at Barladoes to take rare you be duly supply'd according to the Mr Woodbridge Our agent at Barbadoes to take care you be duly supply'd according to the
times you shall write for them, fordoing of which you will give the earliest notice times you shall write for them, for doing of which you will give the earliest notice
you can. The supply of our Factory being recomended to him to avoid the Impositions you can. The supply of our Factory being recomended to him to avoid the Impositions
laid oules at Samaica; but if any Inconveniency arrises from your being Supplied laid on us at Jamaica; but if any Inconveniency answer from yor being Supplied
from Darbadoes only advice us thereof from Barbadoes only advice us thereof
We have heard the great Depredations committed by the Pyrafes, but hope they We have heard the great Depredations committed by the Pirates, but hope they
will soon be at an end. Youl see by the Gazette & Proclamation enclosed what methods on will soon be at an end. You'l see by the Gazette & Proclamation enclosed what methods on
King has taken to reduce them hich we hope will be effected King has taken to reduce them which we hope will be effected
We note the arrival of the Stoop Royal Prince the 18t March with 36 Regroes We note the arrival of the Sloop Royal Prince the 18t March with 36 Negroes
measuring 30 pr India and on the 20th the arrival of Captn Cleland with 23 measuring 20 pd measuring 30 ps India and on the 20th the arrival of Captn Cleland with 23 measuring 20 ps
Indw both Saucels from Barbadoes Inda both Parcels from Barbadoes
We have reced suovices of the 13400 ff and 35 Juns Logwood ship don We have reced Invoices of the 13400 $ and 35 Tuns Logwood ship'd on
the virgin Polly and Royal Prince and note yo Intention to remit the rest p first the virgin Polly and Royal Prince and note yor Intention to remit the rest & first
We observe in the said Invoices is a charge upon the Logwood of 12 p lintal We observe in the said Invoices is a charge upon the Logwood of 1 Rl p Kintal
duty You are to take notice that all Fruits and Effects the Produce of Our hegesg duty. You are to take notice that all Fruits and Effects the Produce of Our negroes
are to be fie of Duties by the 25th and except only such as are therein excepted. are to be free of Duties by the 25th and except only such as are therein excepted.
We note the Arrival of the Stoop Royal Prince Nath Clark from We note the Arrival of the Sloop Royal Prince Nath Clark from
Barbadoes with 40 Negroes ps India & 15 Barrels Plower the 2d Nov last and Barbadoes with 40 Negroes ps India & 15 Barrels Flower the 2d Novr last and
Your having sold the Regroes at 300 ff & head and the Flower at 20 f p Barcel. Your having sold the Negroes at 300 $ p  head and the Flower at 20 $ p Barrel.
and yor remitting 10000 f p said Stoop under convoy of the Spanish Admiral which and yor remitting 10,000 $ p said Sloop under convoy of the Spanish Admiral which
Weapprore. You must retomit to transmit to our agent at Barbadoe the Regular accot We approve. You must not omit to transmit to our agent at Barbadoes the Regular accot
of sales of every entire cergoe of hegroel as soon as they aee disposed of end also the of sales of every entire cargo of negroes as soon as they are disposed of and also the
Proper Instrum of Regulation. These last being necessary forts to have to enable 1 to Proper Instrumt of Regulation. These last being necessary for us to have to enable us to
account with the King of Spain you are also P next to give us an Account of account with the King of Spain you are also & next to give us an Account of
the Product & manufactures of the Country with their several Srices the Product & manufactures of the Country with their several Prices
We are told by Mr Wordbridge That the French agent had intimated to Mr We are told by Mr Woodbridge That the French agent had intimated to Mr
Ercland when at the Htavana that he was witling to Submit to an Induct of 100 p ppr of India Cleland when at the Havana that he was willing to Submit to an Induct of 100 $ p ps of India
for all the negroes he has imported since 1d May 1713 for all the negroes he has imported since 1st May 1713
We have this day given advice to Mr Woodbridge forthwith to send you 300 nooy in We have this day given advice to Mr Woodbridge forthwith to send you 300 negroes in
Sloops witha sufficieit Qeantity of Provisions by eachsloop to proceed 20 days after one another wth Sloops witha sufficieit Quantity of Provisions by each sloop to proceed 20 days after one another wch
He hipe will come to a good Marlet We hope will come to a good Market
Weare We are
Yor Loving Friends the Court of Director Yor Loving Friends the Court of Director
of he touthe Sea Company. of the South Sea Company.
John Olunt John Blunt
S. Gore St. Gore
Daw. Hays Sam^l. Hays
Sa Diteman SG Sn Bateman SG
Jacob Lawbridge N Houey Jacob Lawbridge [N Houey]
Jacob Plorsen Jacob Plorsen
San Shepheard DG Sam Shepheard DG
Saml Made Saml Reade
Han Duley Han Durley
Ro Seynolds Ro Reynolds
Theod Sansoon Theod Sansoon
8 Do Capork P: Do lapork
Jno Fellowes Jn^o Fellowes
Mr Clapmall M^r Clapmall
Geo: Calwall Geo: Calwall
H. laymond H. Raymond
Cibge C Joye  