South Sea house South Sea house
Capt. Wirtworth Capt. Wirtworth
London 27th February 97 London 27th February 97
Sor, Sor,
Weare glad to hear by yor Letter to Sr James Bateman Weare glad to hear by yor Letter to Sr James Bateman
of the 30th Sanry That ours of the 23th of that month with the Packet to of the 30th Sanry That ours of the 23th of that month with the Packet to
the Companys Agents in Jamuica are come safe to yor hands, and We the Companys Agents in Jamuica are come safe to yor hands, and We
don't doubt but you have since reced the Admiralty's Orders for assisting don't doubt but you have since reced the Admiralty's Orders for assisting
the Diamond in transporting our Goods from Carthagena to Portobels the Diamond in transporting our Goods from Carthagena to Portobels
But seeing our Intention was only to have one man But seeing our Intention was only to have one man
of War and our application to their Lords for another was only in of War and our application to their Lords for another was only in
case by any means the Diumond should be presented from proceeding case by any means the Diumond should be presented from proceeding
We have given directions to our agents at Jamaica, What in Case one We have given directions to our agents at Jamaica, What in Case one
be gone on this Service then the other is not to Proceed. And as you were be gone on this Service then the other is not to Proceed. And as you were
pleased to make te yor kind offer in this affair at first. We should be pleased to make te yor kind offer in this affair at first. We should be
very glad that you were the Person that should go, and hope that you very glad that you were the Person that should go, and hope that you
may get to Samaica in time to prevent the Diamond's going. We having may get to Samaica in time to prevent the Diamond's going. We having
given Lirections to our agents at Samaica to give you the Preference, In given Lirections to our agents at Samaica to give you the Preference, In
which case We recomend to your Protection our ship London Capt. Lillewhite which case We recomend to your Protection our ship London Capt. Lillewhite
who is now under orders for Proceeding to Samaica and from thence to who is now under orders for Proceeding to Samaica and from thence to
Carthagena to takein the aforesaid Goods & such Effects as Our Tactory Carthagena to takein the aforesaid Goods & such Effects as Our Tactory
there shall Lade on board. And in case she be not able to take in the there shall Lade on board. And in case she be not able to take in the
whole. We desire you to take in the rest and Proceed with the London whole. We desire you to take in the rest and Proceed with the London
to Portobelo. there to deliver the same to Our Factors which being done to Portobelo. there to deliver the same to Our Factors which being done
We have ordered them to Lade on board her as much Efeets & returny We have ordered them to Lade on board her as much Efeets & returny
as they Possibly can, and from thence direct her to proceed to the as they Possibly can, and from thence direct her to proceed to the
Havana there also to take in Our Effects. We therefore earnestly Havana there also to take in Our Effects. We therefore earnestly
desire you that in case you can consident with your orders you desire you that in case you can consident with your orders you
will please to convoy her this the Gulph of Florida, And this will please to convoy her this the Gulph of Florida, And this
Weare of opinion you may so do because Less time will be spcut Weare of opinion you may so do because Less time will be spcut
ingoing from thence to Samaica than if conform to their ingoing from thence to Samaica than if conform to their
Lo1 Lo1