you can make no further demand till things are determined with the you can make no further demand till things are determined with the
French Company and that by the 18th act. the opinions of the Lawyers French Company and that by the 18th act. the opinions of the Lawyers
are that the whole proceed belongs to us We shall write hereupon to are that the whole proceed belongs to us We shall write hereupon to
Our agents at Madrid. Our agents at Madrid.
As to the 2 Raves & Materials Imbargd which you 3 As to the 2 Slaves & Materials Imbargd which you
have in yor Custody. You may keep them if they are of uce in have in yor Custody. You may keep them if they are of use in
Our service, otherwise dispose of them. tho' you be obliged to give Our service, otherwise dispose of them. tho' you be obliged to give
Security for returning the Produce should be fiven against us at Security for returning the Produce should be fiven against us at
madrid, which we hope it will not. madrid, which we hope it will not.
We comend yos indeavours for Preventing clandestine 4 We comend yos indeavours for Preventing clandestine
Importations of negroes and are Sorry you succeeded so ill as out of Importations of negroes and are Sorry you succeeded so ill as out of
the 18 you advised us of in yours of 10th april, but one fell into the 18 you advised us of in yours of 10th april, but one fell into
Your hands. Your hands.
We have writ to our Agents at Madred about the opposition 5 We have writ to our Agents at Madred about the opposition
the Indulto met with at Lime from the Royal andiencia & ct and have the Indulto met with at Lime from the Royal andiencia & ct and have
transmitted Our Sudge Concervators Letter to the King of Spain and shall transmitted Our Sudge Convervators Letter to the King of Spain and shall
transit likewise the Antos sent by Our Judge Conservator relating transit like wise the Antos sent by Our Judge Conservator relating
thereto which we shall not fail to back. We are glad to hear all these there to which we shall not fail to back. We are glad to hear all these
difficulties will be surmounted now the Prince of St. Bucno is there difficulties will be surmounted now the Prince of St. Bucno is there
who has promised to do us all the Service in his Power and has who has promised to do us all the Service in his Power and has
Remitted the decision of this offair of the Indulto to the Royal Remitted the decision of this offair of the Indulto to the Royal
Audiencia of which you are expecting the result, never theless We Audiencia of which you are expecting the result, never the less We
shall endeavour as you advice to procure a Special Cedula for opening shall endeavour as you advice to procure a Special Cedula for opening
the Indulto in those Parts. the Indulto in those Parts.
We approve your intention to Publish the Indulto at 6 We approve your intention to Publish the Indulto at
Derren & ct as soon as Possible Derren & ct as soon as Possible
Derren & ct as soon as Possible Derren & ct as soon as Possible
We note the state of the Sralilts at the fort of yeo Lite We note the state of the Sralilts at the fort of yeo Letter
of the 20 Feb 1715 Am to 62386 167 Marveds the Kings a of the 20 Feb 1715 Am to 62386 167 Marveds the Kings a
dedued, which you made good to our Account. That you had open'd dedued, which you made good to our Account. That you had open'd
it again at 30 ff for 6 days. In which time 1o Slaves were manifected it again at 30 ff for 6 days. In which time 1o Slaves were manifected