and in such case, (for your encouragement to exertyourself in Our and in such case, (for your encouragement to exertyourself in Our
Service/ You are to be on the same foot with respect to salary as Ou Service/ You are to be on the same foot with respect to salary as Our
Fifth othicer there iigh ₤1000 pann and you are strictly to comply Fifth officer there iigh ₤1000 pann and you are strictly to comply
with the Duty of such officer as prescribed by our Genl. Instructions with the Duty of such officer as prescribed in our Gen^l. Instructions
and to act in all things for our Interest. But if our Factory in Council and to act in all things for our Interest. But if our Factory in Council
shall Judge it proper for our Service that you return in the shall Judge it proper for our Service that you return in the
Royal Prince. you are to do it accordingly, and give ue an Royal Prince. you are to do it accordingly, and give us an
account thereof at your Return. And bring home the account thereof at your Return. And bring home the
best observations you cau relating to the aforesaid Goods and best observations you cau relating to the aforesaid Goods and
others Imported to Curope, and give us an Account thereof others Imported to Europe, and give us an Account thereof
at your Return at your Return
We wish you a good Voyage and prosperity and We wish you a good Voyage and prosperity and
remain remain
Yor Loving Frund Yo^r Loving Frund
South Sea house South Sea house
The Courtof Director of the Roy. The Courtof Director of the Roy^l.
Lond: 12th July 1717 Lond: 12th July 1717
Britich Asients Company Britich Assiento Company
Ja Beteman Sub Gov Ja Beteman Sub Gov
George Cawall George Cawall
Sam Shepheard Dep Sam Shepheard Dep
Henry Durley Henry Durley
Hare Matter Hare Matter
Mno Blunt Mno Blunt
Danl Hays Danl Hays
Gd Horsey Gd Horsey
Fran Eyles Fran Eyles
Sam. Reade Sam. Reade
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Jacob Lawbridge Jacob Lawbridge
Wm Hamond Wm Hamond
Charles Joye Charles Joye
H. Raymord H. Raymord
Richd Houlditch Richd Houlditch
Jacob Tawbren Jacob Tawbren
Jno Tellowes Jno Tellowes
Robt Cheiter Robt Cheiter