followed the Orders that were given you. We should have had the wtun followed the Orders that were given you. We should have had the returns
made us, But you having rejected those Proposals, notwithstanding made us, But you having rejected those Proposals, notwithstanding
his repeated & preking Instances, and Mr. Patton's having also given his repeated & pressing Instances, and Mr. Patton's having also given
his reasons for the same. You would not so much as vouchsafe any his reasons for the same. You would not so much as vouch safe any
of you to goup to Mecico, either to assist at the Compleating some of you to go up to Mexico, either to assist at the Compleating some
such advantageous agreement, but on the Contrary have been the such advantageous agreement, but on the Contrary have been the
meaus of Losing what of all things. We should most have desires means of Losing what of all things. We should most have desired
the selling the Cargoe and making the Returns, and that you the selling the Cargoe and making the Returns, and that you
were frequently fold that the Eait Ind ia Goods by reason were frequently told that the East India Goods by reason
the Mavilla ship did not return that year were in Extrandinary gret the Manilla ship did not return that year were in Extraordinary great
demand; yet you invisted on keeping them, on pretence that they righ demand; yet you insisted on keeping them, on pretence that they might
hilp off some other part of the largoe whereby you gave him caue help off some other part of the Cargoe whereby you gave him cause
to euter his protest several times in the Consustation book and the to enter his protest several times in the Consultation book and this
Damage appears the more strong ly to us. That the the Elizabeth Damage appears the more strongly to us. That tho the Elizabeth
stay'd 4 months afterwards; yet you were so far from selling stay'd 4 months afterwards; yet you were so far from selling
the Cargoe in order to make us returns that you were obliged to the Cargoe in order to make us returns that you were obliged to
to he up Two hundred thousand peices of Eight at an Interest, take up Two hundred thousand peices of Eight at an Interest,
as We are told of Ten PCent Fann. and give us no Account as We are told of Ten &c Cent &c ann. and give us no Account
thereof in your Letters to the Company thereof in your Letters to the Company
Desides which. You tamely submitted to a Measurement Besides which. You tamely submitted to a Measurement
of 70 Men. Women and 3 Boys to be made 73 22 pd Indie of 70 Men. Women and 3 Boys to be made 73 2/3 ps India
And as to the Indico it appears to us never to have been And as to the Indico it appears to us never to have been
Examined or so much as a chest or surone bored, and consisted of very Examined or so much as a chest or saw one bored, and consisted of very
little of the 1 Sort which sold from 76 to 8. C and the 2 little of the 1st Sort which sold from 7S,6 to 8 and the 2d
Sort from 56D 6 and all the 3d Port from 316 to 4 Sort from 5 6, 6 and all the 3d Sort from 3,6 to 4^S
"tho in the Buying. You made but a Ryal or a Ryil &h ph 'tho in the Buying. You made but a Ryal or a Ryil & 1/2 p lb
difference between the best and the wont difference between the best and the worst
You sent us no Accounts not withstanding Mr Thorowgood You sent us no Accounts not withstanding Mr Thorowgood
Oin his of the 18th July acquainted you of his design for England Iin his of the 18th July acquainted you of his design for England
and tho the Elizabeth did not suil till the 15th August Yousey and tho the Elizabeth did not sail till the 15th August You say
in Your Letters to the Company, that Mr Shoowgood gave in Your Letters to the Company, that Mr Thorowgood gave
You Several Papers, which he called Accounts, and which You Several Papers, which he called Accounts, and which
he he