120 120.
to Eneriage the most adantagion pryuals for aking off the Trecan, which t to Encourage the most advantageous proposals, for taking off the Tabacco, which if
or can finda good bet for the Consquence will be the incrase of the tent for the we can find a good Vent for, the Consequence will be the increase of the [Nent] for the
Negrows and the Reople will be onconaged to cultivate and Improne their land Negroes and the People will be encouraged to cultivate and Improve their lands
Gril therefore Andur the most Arantagions proposals you can meetinth You'l therefore Send us the most Advantageous proposals you can meet with.
We Cron the litte Starnory theres bltoren the tene f Anr toe We Cron the litte Starnory theres bltoren the tene f Anr toe
at Cariz, And have under Consideration the better Settling it, In the mean whill at Cariz, And have under Consideration the better Settling it, In the mean whill
as this ship is to truch at Portmonth we shall then consign her in such mansar as this ship is to truch at Portmonth we shall then consign her in such mansar
is wer le proper is wer le proper
The Bills Yon mention to ham drawne on Mr de Gols hare ben aun The Bills Yon mention to ham drawne on Mr de Gols hare ben aun
planpd. planpd.
As wre hor groen you Cortit on Mr. Cifford of Otenterdam weumls As wre hor groen you Cortit on Mr. Cifford of Otenterdam weumls
knowe you when the Exchange is more foromrable by way of Liben Cormpand with knowe you when the Exchange is more foromrable by way of Liben Cormpand with
Messrs. Burall Wenham and Company of Liaton who will have ourdrections Messrs. Burall Wenham and Company of Liaton who will have ourdrections
for accepting Your Bills for accepting Your Bills
Wear olliged to Mr. Hanligs for the Cuteruance of his Gons ne Wear olliged to Mr. Hanligs for the Cuteruance of his Gons ne
and Purticularly for the toruble he has taken about the Corula for the hin Ardont and Purticularly for the toruble he has taken about the Corula for the hin Ardont
and the Affair of Introducing Our Negrows from our Colnys concerning both whacth and the Affair of Introducing Our Negrows from our Colnys concerning both whacth
Ynare afured we way be easy. Asto the latter ioe appretend that as theppale Ynare afured we way be easy. Asto the latter ioe appretend that as theppale
is Actually pass there must be another pdula to set it aide otherwise it may is Actually pass there must be another pdula to set it aide otherwise it may
be trumpt up against is when we dent think on it Nothwithstanding what be trumpt up against is when we dent think on it Nothwithstanding what
the Spanish Ministers Say which you will take fare to get, that we maynot the Spanish Ministers Say which you will take fare to get, that we maynot
altogether trust to their Fair Speches altogether trust to their Fair Speches
Weaprin the Corcthe Calt has ade of Mr Bromnades forlen Weaprin the Corcthe Calt has ade of Mr Bromnades forlen
follictor and hope he will ansuwer the Good Opinion yen howve both cncedere of follictor and hope he will ansuwer the Good Opinion yen howve both cncedere of
him, and that the Company will experience his Capacity Reab and application him, and that the Company will experience his Capacity Reab and application
in Our Affir, thathey may net with better Sucess and depatch then in Our Affir, thathey may net with better Sucess and depatch then
litherto te heng receined the Gentlmans letter and inclard is Onr toheng litherto te heng receined the Gentlmans letter and inclard is Onr toheng
whith whith