Mr Wadbrdge Mr Woodbridge
London 12th Juners. London 12th June 1718.
We wrote you the 3t May of the Granville We wrote you the 8th May P the Granville
Captn Smith (copy inclosed) But have not heard from you since Captn Smith (copy inclosed) But have not heard from you since
You left England. We have lately) reced Letters from Mr. Faril of You left England. We have lately reced Letters from Mr. Farril of
the Havana wherein he contradicts his former advices that heconed the Havana wherein he contradicts his former advices that he could
dispose of 1000 Negroes p Ann and now acquaints us hat upon dispose of 1000 Negroes p Ann and now acquaints us that upon
arrival of the Catherine Sloop from your Island with 70. Negroes arrival of the Catherine Sloop from your Island with 70 Negroes
he found no vent for them: You are therefore to observe to supply he found no vent for them: You are therefore to observe to supply
him from time to time only with such quantities as he shall write him from time to time only with such quantities as he shall write
for that they maynotly e on his hands. We hope when the Sugar for that they may no lye on his hands. We hope when the Sugar
and Tolaco Works, which at Present Lye unoccupied, come to meet and Tobacco Works, which at Present Lye unoccupied, come to meet
with encouragement. it will occasion the Vent for Negroes he with encouragement. it will occasion the Vent for Negroes he
formety advised us. formerly advised us.
Inclosed is Our Letter to Mr Parril undera klying Inclosed is Our Letter to Mr Farril under a flying
Teat which after Pernoal you will forward to him by the first Seal which after Perusal you will forward to him by the first
opportunity. opportunity.
Youl observe he had given Power to Dr Manuel Youl observe he had given Power to Dr Manuel
Del camps of St Augustine to set on foot the Inducto there, Del camps of St Augustine to set on foot the Inducto there,
but that the Governour would not admit it by reason hy own but that the Governour would not admit it by reason hy own
Lower does not extend so far as that Place. you are therefore to Lower does not extend so far as that Place. you are therefore to
give him such Powres & Instructions as are necesary for menging give him such Powres & Instructions as are necesary for menging
Our affirs with the greatest revantage. Our affirs with the greatest revantage.
When the write that Factory We shall do it Ora Barlidey When the write that Factory We shall do it Via Barbados
under a Tlying Seal for yor Cersial that you may be the under a Tlying Seal for yor Cersial that you may be the
(Better informed of our Intentions and govern your self (Better informed of our Intentions and govern your self
accordingly. accordingly.
We We