of the Royal officers & Duplicates of them of thi Negroes requlated out of the Royal officers & Duplicates of them of the no of Negroes regulated out
of each ship, and the number of pr India they made out as will be sufficient of each ship, and the number of ps India they made out as will be sufficient
to enable in to adjust the Duties at Madrid to enable in to adjust the Duties at Madrid.
You are absolutely to present and kinder any Cochincal or Indigo You are absolutely to present and hinder any Cochincal or Indigo
from being laden on board any of our ships or sloop for private persons from being laden on board any of our ships or sloop for private persons
For if that practice be allowed our ships & Sloope, which are so great au For if that practice be allowed our ships & Sloope, which are so great au
expence to us, will serve as a convenience to them. And be a prejudice expence to us, will serve as a convenience to them. And be a prejudice
to us in the Sales of our Goods. to us in the Sales of our Goods.
And that a due Cource of Sucession may be established. We And that a due Cource of Sucession may be established. We
do intend and order that Mr Charles Reade dying Mr Thos Beddle do intend and order that Mr Charles Reade dying Mr Thos Beddle
shall suceed. After him Mr Wm Clarke after him Mr Johnnewton shall suceed. After him Mr Wm Clarke after him Mr John Newton
and afterhim Mr John Strode, untill the further Pleasure of the and after him Mr John Strode, untill the further Pleasure of the
ourt beknown court be known
You are to take care to get in & preserve the Estates & Effect of such You are to take care to get in & preserve the Estates & Effect of such
in our service within your factory, and if any die inteitate. You in our service within your factory, and if any die intestate. You
are to take the lare & charge of the Intestates Estate and keep an account are to take the lare & charge of the Intestates Estate and keep an account
iof in the Company's Books, and transmit an Inventory and ay aud. iof in the Company's Books, and transmit an Inventory and ay aud.
thereof to the Court of Directors, and also to the relations of the thereof to the Court of Directors, and also to the relations of the
ntestate: and send over the Produce of the Intectates Etate to the C. Intestate: and send over the Produce of the Interstate's Estate to the C.
by the first of our Annual ship which departs from your place after such by the first of our Annual ship which departs from your place after such
iteitates Decease. intestate's Decease.
We conceive it very inconvenient for our Service, that any of We conceive it very inconvenient for our Service, that any of
you should many any of the Natives or other Inhabitants of america, lest you should marry any of the Natives or other Inhabitants of america, lest
by that means our Effects under your management should be hasarded. by that means our Effects under your management should be hazarded.
We therefore strictly prohibit your so doing, and if any of you act We therefore strictly prohibit your so doing, and if any of you act
contrary, or depart from the Protestant Religion, the reit are to contrary, or depart from the Protestant Religion, the rest are to
take Our Effects out of his or their hands. and dimiss him or them take Our Effects out of his or their hands. and dimiss him or them
from Our Service. from Our Service.
you are carefully to obverve all such Order. Culer & directors as you are carefully to observe all such Order. Rules & directors as
have or shall from time to time be transmitted to you from under have or shall from time to time be transmitted to you from under
the hands of 17. or more of the Court of Diretor for the time the hands of 17. or more of the Court of Directors for the time
being being