Boqueron Cruzes &? and allow your so doing, not doubting, but as Boqueron Cruzes & ca and allow your so doing, not doubting, but as
you are on the Spot. you must be better Judge of he advantage of it you are on the Spot. you must be better Judge of he advantage of it
& allowyer placing Geang in Cagn than We. and that you will never recomend any thing to us but wt than We. and that you will never recomend any thing to us but wt
you have throughly weighed. This We apprehend you may do withou you have throughly weighed. This We apprehend you may do without
aledula, but if not We shall endeavour to procure and send it to you a Cedula, but if not We shall endeavour to procure and send it to you
We understand the Certif you procured are not sufficient 14 We understand the Certif you procured are not sufficient
to detect the Royal Officers in their giving false dispatches but that to detect the Royal Officers in their giving false dispatches but that
when the Inducto is opened in Peru your JudgeConservator will put when the Indulto is opened in Peru your Judge Conservator will put
the Owners on the Proof and approve thereof the Owners on the Proof and approve thereof
We shall endeavour to clear up at Madrid the point 15 We shall endeavour to clear up at Madrid the point
about Negroes illicitly introduced before Our assients. In the mean about Negroes illicitly introduced before Our assiento. In the mean
time if it be so that former Assientits peaieably enjoyed the Pault time if it be so that former Assientists peaceably enjoyed the Faculty
of Seying Slaves clandestinely brot in tho many years before of Seizing Slaves clandestinely brot in tho many years before
their time. You ought to insist on the same advantage their time. You ought to insist on the same advantage
We approve your demanding the 34t p head taken by the 16 We approve your demanding the 3 $ p head taken by the
Royal offices on Inducted Negroes. and that the Royal officers Royal offices on Indulted Negroes. and that the Royal officers
the cast hed refued to pay you the same, and had appealed to the tho cast hed refued to pay you the same, and had appealed to the
Council of Indies. We have not reced the Auto's relating thereto Council of Indies. We have not reced the Auto's relating thereto
which in yours of the 3d. July you seem to Intimate you had which in yours of the 3d. July you seem to Intimate you had
sent. neither is there any mention of it in the List of the Papers sent. neither is there any mention of it in the List of the Papers
When they do come shall transmit them to Madrid, to get the When they do come shall transmit them to Madrid, to get the
Sentence Ratify'd and the money paid to you neither have Sentence Ratify'd and the money paid to you neither have
We reced copy of the Autos you mention relating to Dr Rodrgs We reced copy of the Autos you mention relating to Dn Rodrigo
Villarea Guard Mayor's appeal to the Court of Madrid for the Villarea Guard Mayor's appeal to the Court of Madrid for the
607 P he insists to be paid him more than was on the 50 Newy 697 $ he insists to be paid him more than was on the 50 Slaves
indulted neither is it mentioned in the aforesaid List. indulted neither is it mentioned in the aforesaid List.
We have reced the Certificates of the Royel officer 17 We have reced the Certificates of the Royal officer
of the Negroes seized at Panama and Portobelo since Our Assent of the Negroes seized at Panama and Portobelo since Our Assiento
with their Amount and also the attested copy of the Answer of with their Amount and also the attested copy of the Answer of
he he