To Messrs James Pym Arthur North, To Messrs James Pym Arthur North,
Wm Bumpsted & John Lumberlege Factors Wm Bumpsted & John Cumberlege Factors
for the Royal Assents (of Great Butain at for the Royal Assiiento of Great Britain at
Carthagena Carthagena
South Sea house South Sea house
London 31 October 1717 London 31st October 1717
Gent Gentn
Concerning Letters writ & Letters reced Concerning Letters writ & Letters reced
Our last was the 12th July of the Royal Prince Our last was the 12th July P the Royal Prince
which Sailed hence the 2d August and was to touch at Samaica in her which Sailed hence the 2d August and was to touch at Jamaica in her
way to Laveralauy as one of our annual ships copy of which Letter way to La vera Cruz one of our annual ships copy of which Letter
is inclosed. is inclosed.
We have since reced yos of the 24 May with the Autor and We have since reced yor of the 24 May with the Autos and
Papers mentioned to come with it which we are now to answer as Papers mentioned to come with it which we are now to answer as
also yo formers of the 8th April & two of the 8th May last, which also yor formers of the 8th April & two of the 8th May last, which
We had not time to do by the Royal Prince We had not time to do by the Royal Prince
Your Originals of the 12 Dec & 13th Sanry with the Autos Your Originals of the 12 Decr & 18th Janry with the Auto's
Papers and accounts mentioned in the Duplicates are not yet come to Papers and accounts mentioned in the Duplicates are not yet come to
hand and beleive never will for the reasons in our last, You will hand and beleive never will for the reasons in our last, You will
therefore not omit to supply such as are necessary therefore not omit to supply such as are necessary
You advise that the Dragon on board which we had upwards of You advise that the Dragon on board which we had upwards of
25000 & after her being Slundered by the Pyrates was obliged to Euver 25000 $ after her being Plundered by the Pyrates was obliged to Enter
your Harbour to Refit. Whereus our agents at Jamaiea write us the your Harbour to Refit. Whereas our agents at Jamaica write us the
Pirates kept hee and gave the master one of theirs to come home in. Pirates kept her and gave the master one of theirs to come home in.
We have reced a Letter from Messrs Cumberlege & Walsh at labe We have reced a Letter from Messrs Cumberlege & Walsh at Cuba
the 7th April last giving Account of their Proceedings, and inclosed you the 7th April last giving Account of their Proceedings, and inclosed you
have our Letter to them under a Slying Seal which you will forward have our Letter to them under a flying Seal which you will forward
ffirst. Wealso send a Suplicate to be forwarded by Our agents at f first. We also send a Duplicate to be forwarded by Our agents at
Famaica Jamaica
Concerning Negroes their Rect Regulation Salek Concerning Negroes their Rect Regulation Sale & a
We note your having reces from the Royal a frea Capt. We note your having recced from the Royal africa Captn.
Toott Foott