72
We are now more particularly to answer yours of 10th & 27 We are now more particularly to answer yours of 10^th & 27^th
March & 5th April according to our Promice with your aforesaid Letters of March & 5^th April according to our Premise with your aforesaid Letters of
the 3d & 5th July the 3^d & 5^th July .
We note your not being able to dispatch your Letters within We note your not being able to dispatch your Letters within
the 15 days limitted for our shipt say at Postobelo shall for the the 15 days limitted for our ships stay at Postobelo, shall for the
future charter for 25. not doubting but you will give them the future charter for 25. not doubting but you will give them the
quickest dispatch possible and not detain them longer than the quickest dispatch possible and not detain them longer than the
pucfuty of our affairs require, and you find it to be of any pticular jucefuty of our affairs require, and you find it to be of any particular
Service fous Service folls.
Concerning Negroes their Rect Regulat Sale &c 1. Concerning Negroes their Rect RegulatN Sale &c
We have reced accounts of Sales of the Negroes of the King Solomee We have reced accounts of Sales of the Negroes of tho King Soloman
Peare Galley Dragon and James and note your having credited our account Pearl Galley Dragon and James and note your having credited our account
for the Produce of the 2 first being 766,993. And the 2 latter amounting for the Produce of the 2 first being 766,993 rs. And the 2 latter amounting
to 907955 5½. to 907955 rs  5½ mds.
As to yor dipante about the Negroe Woman sold to Dr Lorde 2. As to yor dispute about the Negroe Woman sold to Dr Jose de
porriega. We see noreason why he should not pay for it what it was horriega.  We see no reason why he should not pay for it what it was
worth at the time twas delivered him tho' there was no price agreed. You worth at the time twas delivered him tho' there was no price agreed. You will for the future, so far as is Practicable always adjust the price
at or before the delivery which will prevent inconveniences and at or before the delivery which will prevent inconveniences and
charges that may Attend Law Suits. charges that may Attend Law Suits.
We observe the Dragon brot 169 Barrels of Slow 3. We observe the Dragon brot 169 Barrels of Flowr
and a Punchcon of Rum and that the Flower you would dispose of and a Punchcon of Rum and that the Flower you would dispose of
for our account. If that or any other Provisions or necessarie cas for our account. If that or any other Provisions or necessaries can
be brought in and willfurn to Account you will write to Our be brought in and will turn to Account you will write to Our
Agents at Jamaue for them Agents at Jamacia for them.
Wo note you deny to have writ to our agents at Samaia 4. Wo note you deny to have writ to our agents at Jamaica
that the negroes o Parril were good which they a ffirm to us and that the negroes P Farril were good which they affirm to us and
We now advise them thereof. We have given them reprated orders to We now advise them thereof. We have given them repeated orders to
let none go for your Parts but what are good and to pick out the let none go for your Parts but what are good and to pick out the
Refuse and supply them with good ones. which has put us Refuse and supply them with good ones. which has put us
to to