156 156
to have, & are prosecuting those who sold Some few at an under to have, & are prosecuting those who sold Some few at an under
Rate. This will prevent their Exacting what Priaes they please Rate: This will prevent their Exacting what Prices they please
& is To reasonable, that we hope the Obtaining it will meet with no & is To reasonable, that we hope the Obtaining it will meet with no
Difficulty, Let this Citula extend to other produce of the Country as Difficulty, Let this Cedula extend to other produce of the Country as
will as Htides. We are will as Hides. We are
Your Loving Freinds Your Loving Friends
Mr Bowlesowns Rect of Mr Bowles owns Rec^t of
The Committeeof Corcesfandena The Committe of Correspondena
this letter in tus of 23 May this letter in [tus] of 23 May.
Sam Skepheard Dop Sam Shepheard Dop
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
Robt Chister Rob^t Chevhr
Wm Chapmen Wm Chapman
South Seahouse South Sea house
Mr. Bowles M^r. Bowles
London 30th Aarl 718 London 30th April 1718
Our last was the 24th Instant, copy inclosed. since which Our last was the 24^th.  Instant, copy inclosed. since which
have reced yours of the 18th Dicto. As to the Packet refer'd to in ours of have reced yours of the 18.^th Ditto. As to the Packet refer'd to in ours of
the 6th March last, which we acquainted you was intended to be the 6th March last, which we acquainted you was intended to be
sent by the St Franciseo Ravier Captn Gongales to Mr Archer sent by the St. Francisco Xavier Capt.^n Gonzales to M^r Archer
of Billoe to be forwarded to you, that shyp tailing uncepeiled by they of Bilboa to be forwarded to you, that ship sailing unexpected by they
were sent by the St. Joseph Captn Del Barco who sailed hence the were sent by the St. Joseph Capt.^n Del Barco who sailed hence the
beginning of this month for Billoa, and hope by this time they beginning of this month for Bilboa, and hope by this time they
are got safe to your hands. This alteration from one ship to are got safe to your hands. This alteration from one ship to
the other M. Wascomb advised you of in a Letter of the 3. Inst: the other M^r. Wescomb advised you of in a Letter of the 3. Inst:
We hope upon Receipt of the Authentick certificates We hope upon Receipt of the Authentick certificates
tranmitted to Madors of the measurement of the annual Glanary transmitted to Madrid of the measurement of the annual Glanary
ships, you'l soon be able to obtain the desired Cedulas, and especially
the latter she being certainly to depart hence the Latter end of may the latter she being certainly to depart hence the Latter end of may
We being informed that there will be Nto difficulties, but that they We being informed that there will be Nto difficulties, but that they
may proceed pursuant to the Assients & Convention However as this may proceed pursuant to the Assiento & Convention However as this
Chimera that our annualshyp cannot go without the Galleons. has been Chimera that our annual ship cannot go without the Galleons. has been
started in the Spanish West Indies, and our Paname Factory in started in the Spanish West Indies, and our Panama Factory in
their their