which number you say the Portuguege expended as appears by their which number you say the Portuguege expended as appears by their
Books in the Contadusia and sold em from 400 a 500p Books in the Contaduria and sold em from 400 a 500$
We have advised our agents at Samaica of what you write in 10 We have advised our agents at Jamaica of what you write in
relation to the Impracticableness of sending Regroes via lhagra and relation to the Impracticableness of sending negroes via Chagra and
approve your rensons for continuing to bring em up as hutherto you have approve your reasons for continuing to bring em up as hitherto you have
done. done.
We understand our Judge Consero. at Lime has been obliged 11 We understand our Judge Conserv at Lima has been obliged
to release the Negroes he Seized there upon Proof made that they to release the Negroes he Seized there upon Proof made that they
wore bot of Our Pactory at Buenos Oyles as of the Autos We have wore bot of Our factory at Buenos Ayres as of the Autos We have
reced on that affair. We are surprised at the Irregular dispatches reced on that affair. We are surprised at the Irregular dispatches
hereupon to the Factory at Buenor ayles and approve yo renew hereupon to the Factory at Buenos ayres and approve yor renew
ing your advicest the Oice Roy and Judge Conservator at Lima to -ing your advicest the vice Roy and Judge Conservator at Lima to
Prohibit the Introduction of Negroes from Buenes Ayles all they Prohibit the Introduction of Negroes from Buenes Ayres all they
can, for if that Practie be continued it must infallibly ruin pdmete can, for if that Practice be continued it must infallibly ruin yor markets
Concerning Indultos Confiscat & Illuit trade Concerning Indultos Confiscat & Illuit trade
and Cedulas & Processes relating thereto and Cedulas & Processes relating thereto
We noteyor demand of the 10000 f and French We note yo^r demand of the 70,000 f and French
Buildings Imbarg'd and their answer ordering you to appeal to Buildings Imbarg'd and their answer ordering you to appeal to
the Council of Indies for Redress, and that we are not like to the Council of Indies for Redress, and that we are not like to
expect any Benifit from Our Inbargmt. untill the Preimbargmt expect any Benifit from Our Inbargm^t. untill the Preimbargm^t
made in the King of Spain's name was taken off. We shall traving made in the King of Spain's name was taken off. We shall traving
this Testimony to madred in order to get the cedula you recomend this Testimony to madred in order to get the cedula you recomend
for taking off the said, Pre imbargment that we may reap the benefit for taking off the said, Pre imbargment that we may reap the benefit
of ours. The like We shall do in respect to the other imbargment of ours. The like We shall do in respect to the other imbargment
of 5558 P remaining in the Royal Cofters which you say you of 5558 P remaining in the Royal Cofters which you say you
got made over to you, but is payable on the adjustment of ours got made over to you, but is payable on the adjustment of ours
and the French assiento. and the French assiento.
We note what you write as to the 175 pr de India We note what you write as to the 175 ps^r de India
Introduced by the French since our assients and that the money Introduced by the French since our assiento and that the money
&c Imbarg'd by you is part of the Proceed of them, so that &c Imbarg'd by you is part of the Proceed of them, so that
You You