Weare very Sorry to hear of yor Indisposition, and should have wnt We are very Sorry to hear of yor Indisposition, and should have writ
to you sooner in answerto yor desire of retiring into the Country to you sooner in answer to yor desire of retiring into the Country
but that We understood by yor Letter of the 3d October you were actraly but that We understood by yor Letter of the 3d October you were actually
about to go. leaving full Powers & Instructions be kind you_ about to go. leaving full Powers & Instructions behind you_
We approve yo. 1o doing and wish you the decired benefit. We approve yor so doing and wish you the desired benefit.
The London from beraluz arrived in the Downes the 23 The London from vera cruz arrived in the Downes the 23d.
Surt: with a lonsiderable quantity of Cockineal & some Indico Just: with a Considerable quantity of Cochineal & some Indico
Inclosed are 3Letters for Mr Uzarde which we were Inclosed are 3 Letters for Mr Uzardi which we were
desired to forward and youl deliver accordingly. We are desired to forward and you'l deliver accordingly. We are
Yor. Loving Friend Yo^r. Loving Friends
The Coms of Correspons. The Com^ce of Correspond^ce
Saml Shepheard Sam^l Shepheard
Jno Fellowes Jn^o Fellowes
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Theod Sanssen Theod Sanssen
Youmay acqt. Mr Wzardi that You may acqt. Mr. Uzardi that
his letters have been reced and his letters have been reced and
forwarded. forwarded.
South Sea house South Sea house
London 18th December 1717 London 18th December 1717
Mr Archer Mr Archer
To Sr
My last Address to you was of the 31 October My last Address to you was of the 31^st October
last owning the Rev. of your Letter of the 11t October and advising you last owning the Rect. of your Letter of the 11^th October and advising you
of a Packet of Letters for your and other Parts put on board the Sd. Joseph of a Packet of Letters for your and other Parts put on board the S^t. Joseph
Captn. Rich. Del Barco, which I hope you have long since rec Captn. Nich^. Del Barco, which I hope you have long since rec.^d
I am Obliged to renew troubling you with Two Packets by the I am Obliged to renew troubling you with Two Packets by the
ta Barbara Capt. Montellon, the one containing Letters for the Companye St^a Barbara Capt.^n Montellon, the one containing Letters for the Company's
agents at madrd, the other a Large Packet of Letters for Bilbea, Cadly agents at Madrid, the other a Large Packet of Letters for Bilboa, Cadiz
Madred & ca which Ientreat you will Please to forward outhe Madrid, & [ca] which I entreat you will Please to forward on the
Company's account. Your Expence on this occasion as I formerly writ Company's account. Your Expence on this occasion as I formerly writ
you will be repaid by Mr Bowles, And the Service acknowledged by you will be repaid by M^r Bowles, And the Service acknowledged by
Yor Most humble Servt Yo^r Most humble Serv^t
0o So.
Samel Wescomb Daniel Wescomb