discctly We without have comunicating reced the same to us directly without comunicating the same to us We have rece'd
have rec Actos of the prosnt the autor you sent us concerning the said Presentation of the said Cedulas the autos you sent up concerning presentation of the said Cedulas
by which the Bedfords Punage was adjusted (Iron Included) at 525 Jun by which the Bedfords Tunage was adjusted (fron Included) at 525 Tuns ^B
ordering the Bond to be cancelled & containing reasons for the former ordering the Bond to be cancelled & containing reasons for the former
measurement and setting forth that the largoe had not in the least Suffered by measurement and setting forth that the Cargoe had not in the least Suffered by
their former Proceedings it having been all along in your hands with their former Proceedings it having been all along in your hands with
Liberty of Selling the same (which you say is tue. We have some Liberty of Selling the same (which you say is tue. We have some
intination owen us of a Considerable sum of money. You have been intimadation given us of a Considerable sum of money. You have been
obliged to depoit in lay down to Prevent the Sale of the Bedford cargn obliged to deposit as lay down to Prevent the Sale of the Bedford cargo
upon the 1st Sentence and to allow your appeal to madred which We take to upon the 1^st Sentence and to allow your appeal to madrid which We take to
be an extortion such as cannot by any means be justify'd but on the contray be an extortion such as cannot by any means be justify'd but on the contrary
trust be condemned and the Aggressors compelled to make restitution For that the trust be condemned and the Aggressors compelled to make restitution For that the
Gov. & offeers did us the 1d Injustice in Stopping. Seizing & Condemnin Gov^r. & offeers did us the 1^.st Injustice in Stopping. Seizing & Condemning
the said largoe whilst We were altogether within the Bounds of Our the said cargoe whilst We were altogether within the Bounds of Our
Licence and had not comitted any fault. Wherefore you will do well to Licence and had not comitted any fault. Wherefore you will do well to
get Restitution from the Govr and the Several Officers, which if they refuse get Restitution from the Gov^r and the Several Officers, which if they refuse
you must send us such autos as are sufficient to Enable. us to recover the you must send us such autos as are sufficient to Enable. us to recover the
same from them by Order from Madrid. same from them by Order from Madrid.
Concerning Shiping Concerning Shiping
We hope the Danger from Pirates will soon be at an end. Our King We hope the Danger from Pirates will soon be at an end. Our King
having ordered out a force and issued out a Proclamation encouraging them having ordered out a force and issued out a Proclamation encouraging them to
Surrender as you will see by the Gazette and Proclamation herewith In the Surrender as you will see by the Gazette and Proclamation herewith In the
mean time you are to make all the remisses you can by the Herbert Gally mean time you are to make all the remisses you can by the Herbert Galley
who is a ship of force or by any of the men of War which may be emizing who is a ship of force or by any of the men of War which may be emizing
in yor Parts agreeing the freight as low as Possible, Our Panama Tuctory in yor. parts agreeing the freight as low as Possible, Our Panama Factory
pay 1 ff Ct freight for what they ship for Samaica pay 1 p Ct freight for what they ship for Jamaica
We have sine Onrlat advrice of the 6th June dispated the following We have since Our last advice of the 6th June dispatched the following
ships for Negroes for Saml and the Sparish West Indies vizt ships for Negroes for Jama and the Spanish West Indies vizt
Reg Negs
7 350 Tune. John Galley. Capt. Coward 7 June. John Galley. Captn. Coward 350
Ships 240 Disparnd for Guinea1 July Hannover Galley Captn. Robt. Sikes 1 July. Hannover Galley Captn Robt Sikes 240
30 260 Do Melcomb Galley Captn. Wall 30 Do.  Melcomb Galley Captn. Wall 260
27 440 August GeorgeAugustus. Capt. Huntington 27 August George Augustus Captn Huntington 440
5 300 Sept. Cown Galley: Capt. Cunningham 5 Sept. Crown Galley. Captn. Cunninghame 300
1590 1590
We are also about dispatching Several others and Probably for We are also about dispatching Several others and Probably for
the