131 131
a Nature as to stand in Need of his Excellencys Interposition a Nature as to stand in Need of his Excellencys Interposition
ICorwelty Gall reniey a portit ridted to Mr Srafor I Cerdwily you'll receive a packet directed to Mr Straford
Containing Sundry Antos and Testimonials which we Received from Our Containing Sundry Antos and Testimonials which we Received from Our
Factors as p histat foot hereof which may be of Use in the Negotiating these Factors as p histat foot hereof which may be of Use in the Negotiating these
Affirs Gouit therefore take it with you and deliver it to Mr Aratford Affairs you'l therefore take it with you and deliver it to Mr Stratford
We have other Actos and Testimonial by us as oe List likewise We have other Autos and Testimonials by us as oe List likewise
at forthereof which concern our Affairs at said Tretory, and of Necessery at forthereof which concern our Affairs at said Factory, and if Necessary
to be made Use of at Madred and Mr Strafford can have no Recoure to to be made Use of at Madrid and Mr. Stratford can have no Recourse to
Explicates in the proper Officers or shall Transmet them to him Duplicates in the proper Officers or shall Transmit them to him
Upon the wholey Younrg in every step to be taken upon these Upon the whole Younrg in every step to be taken upon these
Affires to Consult Mr Strafford and as he Advises his Excelt Mr Stanhope Affaires to Consult Mr Strafford and as he Advises his Excelt Mr Stanhope,
and to do nothing of Yourself without his knooledge least by different and to do nothing of Yourself without his knowledge least by different
Rensonings & Applications The Redressive propose the better to Obtain Reasonings & Applications The Redressive propose the better to Obtain
by your going over should be fnstrated. We Remain by your going over should be fnstrated. We Remain
Your Afectionate rends Your Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directon of the The Court of Director of the
London 15t Oct 1724 London 15^th Oct 1724
Royal Assrento Company Royal Assrento Company
J. Cules Sul Gov. J. Cules Sul Gov.^n
Cancell'd by order of Court Cancell'd by order of Court
J. Rudge Oyr. Gor J. Rudge Dep. Gov^n
G. Roberts G. Roberts
N. Micklethwaitz N. Micklethwaite
R. Nuston R. Newton
J. Kaworth J. Kaworth
M Steath M Steath
J. An Tillian J. An Tillian
Thos Savill Thos Savill
Saml Fett Saml Fett
Will Brook Will Brook
R: Stophins R: Stophins
A tshlon A tshlon
Wm. Bowles Wm. Bowles
Sr. Hanbyry Sr. Hanbyry
Tho. Ayli Tho. Ayli
Saml. sones Saml. sones
Dr. Burell Dr. Burell
Mik Shew Rich Lewin