Capt. Williams for Angole and your Place, I sand you by their Order Cap^t. Williams for Angola and your Place, I send you by their Orders
the Inclosed Copie thereof, and am to acquaint you that upon Mr the Inclosed Copie thereof, and am to acquaint you that upon M^r
My lams quitting the Factory you are to admitt the sd. Mr Hall as Mylams quitting the Factory, you are to admitt the s^d. M^r Hall as
Surgeon in his stead, and by the first opportunity to Signify the same Surgeon in his stead, and by the first opportunity to Signify the same
Iame I am
Gent. Gent.
Your most humble Servt Your most humble Serv^t
So Sea H. London So Sea H. London
27 Feb. 1728 27 Feb. 1723
W.I W.S
Mr Strafford M^r Strafford
27th Feb 1723 27^th Feb 1723
Iime our lat of the 28 ther we have reed your of the Since our last of the 28 Nov^r we have reced yours of the
22 of that Month 15 Decemr 10 16 and 24 past and 7 Instant, and 22^d of that Month 13 Decem^r 10: 16 and 24^th past and 7^th Instant, and
should have been glad to have reced the Ceduta which we find was should have been glad to have reced the Cedula which we find was
Dispatchd for Exempting the hor Annual Ships Royal George and Dispatchd for Exempting the two Annual Ships Royal George and
Royal Prince from any future Remeasurement, but waited for the Royal Prince from any future Remeasurement, but waited for the
Kings Signing, And as the Royal George was dispatchd the12 of Decr Kings Signing, And as the Royal George was dispatchd the12^th of De^cr
tho detaind in the Downs by Contrary Winds till the 3 Instant it tho detaind in the Downs by Contrary Winds till the 3^d Instant it
would be of Importance to have it sent after her without a Moniculs would be of Importance to have it sent after her without a Moments
Loss of time to prevent any remeasurement in the Indies, We hope we Loss of time to prevent any remeasurement in the Indies, We hope we
shall not fail of it in your next Letters, having now a good Opportunity shall not fail of it in your next Letters, having now a good Opportunity
to send it by one of our Sloops bound to Jamaica Yenll observe to send it by one of our Sloops bound to Jamaica. You'll observe
conformable to the Convention to give notice to the Court of Madiid conformable to the Convention to give notice to the Court of Madrid
of the time of this Ships Dispatch, in such manner as you see of the time of this Ships Dispatch, in such manner as you see
proper proper.
We hope to hear a good Josue to the Affair of the Aleavalas We hope to hear a good Issue to the Affair of the Alcavalas
in New Spain, by the Assistance of our Ambassador: You montion that in New Spain, by the Assistance of our Ambassador: You mention that
the Article in the first Treaty is elsae in our Favour as far as relates the Article in the first Treaty is clear in our Favour as far as relates
to the Annual Shyps, but that the Elezabech being a ship of Grace to the Annual Ships, but that the Elizabeth being a ship of Grace
is not Comprehended therein, This we are sensible of, but if you is not Comprehended therein, This we are sensible of, but if you
perise the Copie you have by you of the Lycence and Validations peruse the Copie you have by you of the [Lycence] and Validations
for