leave of us to ship a Considerable quantity of Goods onboard this ship leave of us to ship a Considerable quantity of Goods onboard this ship
prdene to Shy Goods We granted him leave accordingly, so as the company should not be put to prdene to Shy Goods We granted him leave accordingly, so as the company should not be put to
any charge for demorage either here or in the lanaries on that account any charge for demorage either here or in the lanaries on that account
On board the said ship comes Mr Wargent Nicholson whom We On board the said ship comes Mr Wargent Nicholson whom We
have appointed Our Factor at the Havana. By him We send a Sample of the have appointed Our Factor at the Havana. By him We send a Sample of the
Braudy and have given him Directions to examine into their Quality Braudy and have given him Directions to examine into their Quality
as also of the Wines, and to Inform Us whether they are according to as also of the Wines, and to Inform Us whether they are according to
Contract or not. And as he understands those Comodities dont doubt but Contract or not. And as he understands those Comodities dont doubt but
hel do Justice between us. hel do Justice between us.
Yos Bills on Mr Dowles at Madors or Mr Nathanl Steene of Yos Bills on Mr Dowles at Madors or Mr Nathanl Steene of
Cadiz will meet with due Honour they having advised the receipt of our Cadiz will meet with due Honour they having advised the receipt of our
orders for that Purpose. orders for that Purpose.
Directions are given to Mr. Clark of Malage to Rovidea Directions are given to Mr. Clark of Malage to Rovidea
Parcel of Silks. Oylek, which he is to send in a Barea Longa consigned Parcel of Silks. Oylek, which he is to send in a Barea Longa consigned
to you with proper Bills of Lading and Invoice. and for these as well to you with proper Bills of Lading and Invoice. and for these as well
as what you yor Self are to Provide and ship on the Herbert. You are to as what you yor Self are to Provide and ship on the Herbert. You are to
make out one entire bill of Lading & Invoice consigning the same to make out one entire bill of Lading & Invoice consigning the same to
Our Factors at the Havana & Laveraliuy taking care that the Our Factors at the Havana & Laveraliuy taking care that the
Invorice be made out very Particular aading to the lost & Charge of Invorice be made out very Particular aading to the lost & Charge of
of each respective Species of Goods 10 plent in such manner as of each respective Species of Goods 10 plent in such manner as
not to be disovered, and send us copy p first Opportunity. not to be disovered, and send us copy p first Opportunity.
We deire you to get the whole Cargoe of the Herbert registre We deire you to get the whole Cargoe of the Herbert registre
as Fruity of the Canaries and that they are such al are customarily taken on as Fruity of the Canaries and that they are such al are customarily taken on
board therefor america, the 36th Art. of the Assicute having so refrained it board therefor america, the 36th Art. of the Assicute having so refrained it
And senid by the ship such Authentick Certificatls thereof as are necepsary to pea And senid by the ship such Authentick Certificatls thereof as are necepsary to pea
Weare Weare
any doubts or disputes in the Spanish Weet Indies any doubts or disputes in the Spanish Weet Indies
Ifi takeg out the Rogisterit should to Ifi takeg out the Rogisterit should to
n3r0 Cary to macke any piesent to the Judge in the n3r0 Cary to macke any piesent to the Judge in the
Yor Loring Frends the Yor Loring Frends the
Cohayer Weekeave it to your prodene t 2o it in Cout of Ditector of the Sifelo Cohayer Weekeave it to your prodene t 2o it in  Cout of Ditector of the Sifelo
Tuckmaner as you six paper Tuckmaner as you six paper
A Raymond A Raymond
Sam thesheard Dep Sam thesheard Dep
Dr Delaporte Dr Delaporte
Wm Pillard Wm Pillard
John Lambert John Lambert
To Turrer To Turrer
Ansis 41 Augt 1718 Ansis 41 Augt 1718
Tran Eyle Tran Eyle
Wr Mosley Wr Mosley
Wm Asell Wm Asell
Robert Chaiter Robert Chaiter
Saml Reade Saml Reade
R. Horsey R. Horsey
Wm Hamons Wm Hamons
Richd Houldetch Richd Houldetch
Son fore Son fore
Jacob Jacobren Jacob Jacobren
H. Child H. Child
Jno Followes Jno Followes