as there are several posts past, Since Yor last wch is dated the 21t as there are several posts past, Since Yor last wch is dated the 21
Ulto Wehope You only wait for the Codula of Revocation or Ulto We hope You only wait for the Cedula of Revocation or 
Suspension wch We are impatiently expecting, the Ship being Suspension wch We are impatiently expecting, the Ship being
in all respects ready to proceed in all respects ready to proceed.
We remain We remain
fr Sr
Yor affectionate Friends Yor affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
JLyles S. Govr. J. Eyles S. Govr
S. Fridge D Gov J. Rudge D Govr
G. Robert G. Roberts
R. Wood R. Wood
D. Skinner T. Skinner
R Michel R. Michel
N Michlethwait N. Micklethwaite
W Brooke W. Brooke
P Gdo Silliur  J. G des Tillions
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
Tho Ayles Thor Ayles
P. Stophius Rd. Hopkins
M. Raper M. Raper
S. Pitt S. Pitt
W. Bowles W. Bowles
H.S. Eyre H.S. Eyre
Mo. Lewen Rd. Lewen
Dondom 17 June 1725 London 17 June 1725
Annwd 16 July 1725 Answd 16 July 1725
Barbadoes Barbadoes
London 24. June 1225 London: 24 June 1725
MMr Withers Mr Withers
We have reced yours and Mr Mackdeurs Joynt Lotters We have rece'd yours and Mr Mackeleurs Joynt Letters
up to 9e Octor Last, and those writ by your Self Since Mr Mackeleurs up to 9th Octor Last, and those writ by your self since Mr Mackeleurs
decease of the 24 Novr and 26 Janl last, with the passers inclosed upon decease, of the 24 Novr and 26 Jany last, with the papers inclosed upon,
the Two Points committed to your care, the one relating to our Domands the Two Points committed to your care, the one relating to our Demands
on Mr Bonnot and his Wife, and the other on Mr Sisson, and are concernd on Mr Bennet and his Wife, and the other on Mr Sisson, and are concern'd
to find the Obstructions you have met with from Mr Bennet, which to find the Obstructions you have met with from Mr Bennet, which
oblige you to have secourse to Low oblig'd you to have recourse to Law.
As to the Damages which he would make you beleive As to the Damages which he would make you believe
theis lyudlecth for th Paon th tark ont the Lgunsonand of he is lyable to from the Persons who took out the Lycenses on accot of
the