South Sea house London South Sea house London
Mr Gzarde Mr Gzarde
31s July 1717 31s July 1717
Since Our last which was the 18th april have reced Since Our last which was the 18th april have reced
Yours of the 17th May. 7 June & 19th Int. as also the dupatch you oftained Yours of the 17th May. 7 June & 19th Int. as also the dispatch you obtained
for measurement of our ship for Vera lur by the Admiral of the for measurement of our ship for Vera lur by the Admiral of the
Flote, and as We have been so very cautings not to exceed the Tunage Flote, and as We have been so very cautings not to exceed the Tunage
allowed us either in the ship or Goods, of which We send by the said allowed us either in the ship or Goods, of which We send by the said
Ship Ample Festimony. We hope We shall meet with no Imbroil Ship Ample Testimony: We hope We shall meet with no Imbroil
on her arrival. on her arrival.
We are sorry that not withstanding all your Sollicitations We are sorry that not with standing all your Sollicitations.
You have not yet been able to procure the ledula for transporting the You have not yet been able to procure the ledula for transporting the
Bedfor d's Goods from larthagena to Cortobelo. Our Factory continuing Bedfor d's Goods from larthagena to Cortobelo. Our Factory continuing
to advise uts the absolute necessty of it, and this also appeart from the little to advise uts the absolute necessity of it, and this also appeart from the little
Progrest they have been able to make in the Sales. We were in hopes the Progrest they have been able to make in the Sales. We were in hopes the
Court of Spomn would have granted thy ledula the more readily In Court of Spain would have granted this ledula the more readily In
consideration of the great damages the Company have sustained by the consideration of the great damages the Company have sustained by the
unjust Seizure made by their Officers who we are advised by our unjust Seizure made by their Officers who we are advised by our
Factors at Carthagene have remeasured the whole cargoe pursuant to Factors at Carthagene have remeasured the whole cargoe pursuant to
Shis Cath Majestys last ledula and adjuited the same at but 525 Tuns his Cath Majestys last ledula and adjuited the same at but 525 Tuns
of which the ron sent back to Samaica was measured at 65. Tuns. And of which the ron sent back to Jamaica was measured at 65. Tuns. And
for which the think We have the greatest reason to insist upon an for which the think We have the greatest reason to insist upon an
allowance allowance
And We think it to be of the utmost Importance to us because And We think it to be of the utmost Importance to us because
Our Goods being Woollen are liable to perish, and the more reasonable Our Goods being Woollen are liable to parish, and the more reasonable
because her going to carthagena was Owing to our being mistaken in because her going to carthagena was Owing to our being mistaken in
the Idiom of they Language n beleving she had by the ledula liberty to the Idiom of they Language n believing she had by the ledula liberty to
go to both ports as the Galeons have always practiced, and We hape will be go to both ports as the Galeons have always practiced, and We hope will be
allowed to ly for the future. allowed to us for the future.
We have reced the Copies of the 2 Memorials relating to the Inducting We have reced the Copies of the 2 Memorials relating to the Inducting
Regrees ar well before as since our assients, and for Liberty to buy all regross Nergoes as well before as since our assients, and for Liberty to buy all nergoes
taken by the ships of either nation at 110 ff p pd India. And approve your taken by the ships of either nation at 110 $ of pd India. And approve your
forming a memonal against the duties pretended on the Goods. of the forming a memonal against the duties pretended on the Goods. of the
Eligabeth. Elizabeth.
We We