55 55
JohnRewton a apsstant to the Warehouseheeper & Secretary John Newton as assistant to the Warehouseheeper & Secretary
and to assut in duplicating Books. and to assuist in duplicating Books.
John Strode Supervisor of the Regroes and to Duplicate Bact John Strode Supervisor of the Negroes and to Duplicate Books.
David Patton Supervisor of the Regroes, Surgeon and to David Patton, Supervisor of the Negroes, Surgeon, and to
Duplicate Books Duplicate Books
And That all be of the council (except the Surgeon Junless there are And That all be of the council (except the Surgeon) unless there are
not three of the Factory on the Place (exclusive of the Surgeon) In not three of the Factory on the Place (exclusive of the Surgeon) In
which case. the Surgeon shall be of the Council and not otherwise. which case. the Surgeon shall be of the Council and not otherwise.
In which Council the affairs of the company are to be In which Council the affairs of the company are to be.
transacted where the President is to have a vote and also upon an transacted, where the President is to have a Vote and also upon an
Equality the Casting voice. Equality, the Casting voice.
And that Our affairs may not suffer for want of frequent councils And that Our affairs may not suffer for want of frequent councils
We do direct that a certain day in the Week at least be appointed by We do direct that a certain day in the Week at least. be appointed by-
the Majouity to meet in Council in a morning without a Sumon and the Majouity to meet in Council in a morning without a Sumon and
that they meet oftener as occasion may require upon Sumon, to be that they meet oftener: as occasion may require upon Sumon, to be
given out by the President the day before unless it be upon cmugent given out by the President the day before, unless it be upon Emergent
occasions, which require speedy dispatch they so soon as notice caube occasions, which require speedy dispatch, they so soon as notice can be
given them: And that when once a Council i called the President given them: And that when once a Council is called, the President
shall not have power to adjourn it of himself, without the consent of shall not have power to adjourn it of himself, without the consent of
the council, and if the President does not call a Council once a waek the council, and if these President does not call a Council once a week
at least the majority of the other Factors may do it. at least the majority of the other Factors may do it.
We Comand in the first place that the Service of God be duly We Comand in the first place that the Service of God be duly
performed that you may obtain a Blessing on your selves and Our affaird performed that you may obtain a Blessing on your selves and Our affairs,
and that the President take particular care that the same be done And that the President take particular care that the same be done
accordingly accordingly.
That a due regard & respect be had of and paid the President That a due regard & respect be had of ,and paid the President,
and that he Treat every one with Civility and Stumanity in your Sevl and that he Treat every one with Civility and Stumanity in your Sevl
Stations in a friendly manner Stations in a friendly manner.
And tho' We have made you of the Council. as aforesaid, and in And tho' We have made you of the Council. as aforesaid, and in
Point of voting made you equal with the President f except in the case Point of voting made you equal with the President (except in the case
of equality of votes) yet you are not to understand thereby, that you of equality of votes) yet you are not to understand thereby, that you
are every one Invected with the same Authority) or entitled to an are every one Invected with the same Authority) or entitled to an
equal respect wt him. Or that the Port of ye Second gives him not equal respect wth him: Or that the Port of ye Second gives him not
Preference to the Third and so on Preference to the Third, and so on.
You You