keep the house and that every of the Pactory pay to him fowards house keep the house and that every of the Factory pay to him fowards house
keeping not exceeding one third of their respective salaries, and at the keeping not exceeding one third of their respective salaries, and at the
each to pay in proposcon to his end of every year that an account be made up thereof and sent to he every year that an account be made up thereof and sent to he
Court of Directors that they may give such further Directions as Court of Directors that they may give such further Directions as
they shall see proper they shall see proper
The Company having given the Factory at The Company having given the Factory at
their first setting ₤200. to be laid out in Turnture for the house their first setting ₤200. to be laid out in Furnture for the house
You are to deliver the same Furnture over to your successors by You are to deliver the same Furnture over to your successors by
Inventory. Inventory.
It being stipulated by your articles with the Company It being stipulated by your articles with the Company
that any part of your Salaries as the sume shall grow due (not that any part of your Salaries as the sume shall grow due (not
exceeding one half) mayte paid to your respective attorneys in London exceeding one half) may be paid to your respective attorneys in London
if any of you shall desire it. you are to take notice. That General if any of you shall desire it. you are to take notice. That General
Letters of Attorney are not subcient Power to receive it without naming Letters of Attorney are not suffcient Power to receive it without naming
the Particular part of your Salares. You would have paid to such attorncy the Particular part of your Salaries. You would have paid to such attorncy
and that signifyd to the council and entred in the Council Book Of which and that signify'd to the council and entred in the Council Book Of which
you are to rend us certificates signed by the Council and when any die you you are to send us certificates signed by the Council and when any die you
are by the first opportunity afterwards to send us Cestificates thereof, to are by the first opportunity afterwards to send us Certificates thereof, to
time when they did andalso a state ofeach persons account therebeing time when they did andalso a state ofeach persons account therebeing
no part of your Saleries to be paid here till such Certificate & account no part of your Salaries to be paid here till such Certificate & account
are reced. are reced.
If in these Instructions any things have beenomited. It is expected If in these Instructions any things have been omited. It is expected
that you will act in all things so as shall be most for the Companys that you will act in all things so as shall be most for the Company's
Service and as you approve your Selves herein you may expect Service and as you approve your Selves herein you may expect
our favour and encouragement. our favour and encouragement.
We remain We remain
Y Loving Friends Yor Loving Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
Wm. Chapman Wm. Chapman
Jno Fellowy Jno Fellowes
Ja Bateman SubGov Ja Bateman Sub Gov
Theod Sansseu Theod Janssen
Gob Chester Rob Chester
Sam Shepheard Lepy Sam Shepheard Depy
Danl Haly Danl Hays
Hen Durley Hen Durley
Acch Houlditch Richd Houlditch
Amb. Page Amb. Page
Geo canvall Geo Caswall
Fia. Hawe Fra. Hawes
LBeackwell L Blackwell
Jacob Lawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Hare Macter Hare Macter
Wm Hamond Wm Hamond
Jacob Jacoban Jacob Jacobsan
Cha. Joy Cha. Joye
Ro Horsey Rd Horsey
H Raymond H Raymond
Saml Regdesun Saml Reade Jun
Fran-Eyles Fran Eyles
Jno Buunt Jno Blunt