Resheber Resheber
em em
he to the he to the
Dr Gonsald Games Messia Govd of Vera Crue Dr Gonsald Games Messia Govd of Vera Crue
London 14th June 1718 London 14th June 1718
We have reced the favour of yor Letters of the 20th Sept We have reced the favour of yor Letters of the 20th Sept
13th & 25 Febry & 15 March last. And are Sennble of the Pealyhave shewn 13th & 25 Febry & 15 March last. And are Sennble of the Pealyhave shewn
upon all occason to Protect & Promote our affairs in yor Parts with the greatul upon all occason to Protect & Promote our affairs in yor Parts with the greatul
Regard to the Honl. & Interet of the Company. Regard to the Honl. & Interet of the Company.
Wetake extream Kindly the Information you have Wetake extream Kindly the Information you have
given us relating to any Iregularities that may have been comitted by Our Factors given us relating to any Iregularities that may have been comitted by Our Factors
but are very sorry there should be the least occasion for any complaint. but are very sorry there should be the least occasion for any complaint.
Complaint against the Faccors. Our Agent at Madrid has reced the Autor you transmited on that head ane Our Agent at Madrid has reced the Autor you transmited on that head ane
by this Conveyance We send an Extract of the heads of them to Our said Pactori in by this Conveyance We send an Extract of the heads of them to Our said Pactori in
order to their Justifying themselve if they cau order to their Justifying themselve if they cau
We observe the advice you gave us for obtaining) a Royel We observe the advice you gave us for obtaining) a Royel
Mandate to bring Calderon to Account concerning the Sale of Sur Goods in the Mandate to bring Calderon to Account concerning the Sale of Sur Goods in the
City of Mexreo. But have thought Poper not to do any thing in it till City of Mexreo. But have thought Poper not to do any thing in it till
Such time as Our Factors have made Reply to the abovementiond charge Such time as Our Factors have made Reply to the abovementiond charge
This afair of Calderong being e part of it This afair of Calderong being e part of it
We are very Sony to hear how much you have suffer'd by man of We are very Sony to hear how much you have suffer'd by man of
the false Information the Farmer of the Acchvalas gave his Exqr the Vice Roy the false Information the Farmer of the Acchvalas gave his Exqr the Vice Roy
that Our ship the London came Loaden with Goods for our accounts and that Our ship the London came Loaden with Goods for our accounts and
that you as their Judge Conservator concealed them. And as We aresensible that you as their Judge Conservator concealed them. And as We aresensible
of the felsty as well as Scandal of this Report. We have therefore as of the felsty as well as Scandal of this Report. We have therefore as
well in Justice to yor self as the Company given Direction st Mr Bowles and well in Justice to yor self as the Company given Direction st Mr Bowles and
Mr Urardi Our agents at Madrid to use their utmest endeavour's (in concert Mr Urardi Our agents at Madrid to use their utmest endeavour's (in concert
with Dt. Snan Bapt. Ormndam yor attorney and Follicitor to obviate with Dt. Snan Bapt. Ormndam yor attorney and Follicitor to obviate
this Calummy). And if necesary to Opply to His Britannick Majesty's this Calummy). And if necesary to Opply to His Britannick Majesty's
Envoy at the Court of Madrid to pray his Interporition in defending) Envoy at the Court of Madrid to pray his Interporition in defending)
this cause. this cause.
Yor Letters were punitually delivered k forwarded Yor Letters were punitually delivered k forwarded
This comes by the Herbert Galley Captn. David Greenhill This comes by the Herbert Galley Captn. David Greenhill
which We have consigned to yor Port with fruits from the lanaries which We have consigned to yor Port with fruits from the lanaries