Another from Mesrs Denness Swark & Johnson Dated at Another from Mesrs Denness Swark & Johnson Dated at
the same place the 31 Decr. last the same place the 31 Decr. last
Another from Messrs. Denniss & Bulpen Dated at d the 28th Another from Messrs. Denniss & Bulpen Dated at d the 28th
lanelat. lanelat.
Another from Messrs Bleckynden & Darrock Dated at Portobelo Another from Messrs Bleckynden & Darrock Dated at Portobelo
24th July last 24th July last
Others from Mr. Denness dated at Panama the 6th Sep & sd May Others from Mr. Denness dated at Panama the 6th Sep & sd May
last last
Another from Mr Swart Dated at the same place 20 Feby last Another from Mr Swart Dated at the same place 20 Feby last
And Another from Mr Hutchiison Dated at Portobelo the 12th And Another from Mr Hutchiison Dated at Portobelo the 12th
Nov. 1723 with the Several papers &c mentiond to come with them Nov. 1723 with the Several papers &c mentiond to come with them
We have also received a Letter from Dr. Sebartian Garcia Catalan We have also received a Letter from Dr. Sebartian Garcia Catalan
Our Assesser at Panama of the 7t July last wh. you will acquaint hum Our Assesser at Panama of the 7t July last wh. you will acquaint hum
tr fron Deberthan Parcia Catalan tr fron Deberthan Parcia Catalan
with presenting him our respects & let him know that the packet he with presenting him our respects & let him know that the packet he
mentions to have sent us under Mr. Denriss Cover for the Council of Iudre mentions to have sent us under Mr. Denriss Cover for the Council of Iudre
lacket under Dennisss cover notred lacket under Dennisss cover notred
niver came to hand tho we recd a Letter from Mr Deniess by the same niver came to hand tho we recd a Letter from Mr Deniess by the same
Conveyance, but whenever it appears we shall punctually forward it Conveyance, but whenever it appears we shall punctually forward it
We do not now particularly ansue you Letter, but shal for We do not now particularly ansue you Letter, but shal for
do it, In the mean time we have taken into Consideration the Situation of do it, In the mean time we have taken into Consideration the Situation of
onr Affirs bath at Carthagera & Pananae and as thoe under the Cors and onr Affirs bath at Carthagera & Pananae and as thoe under the Cors and
Management of our Supra Cayoe are of the geatet Conquine, be have Management of our Supra Cayoe are of the geatet Conquine, be have
thought proper to direct. That one sloops from samarca should during thought proper to direct. That one sloops from samarca should during
slays to be under ye direction of slays to be under ye direction of
their stay at Portobelos & Carthagua respectively be under & subject to the their stay at Portobelos & Carthagua respectively be under & subject to the
the sugra Cargoes the sugra Cargoes
Orders they shall from time to time receive from our Tupra Cargoes, which Orders they shall from time to time receive from our Tupra Cargoes, which
You will take Notice of accordingly & conform thereto, notwiths landing You will take Notice of accordingly & conform thereto, notwiths landing
a forme Order: And that oe Sersice an particular relating to the Regro a forme Order: And that oe Sersice an particular relating to the Regro
Irade may not suffer You are to aderse with & Consult the Supra Cargoes Trade may not suffer You are to advise with & Consult the Supra Cargoes
whenever You may have Occasion to write for Negises, or to make Returns whenever You may have Occasion to write for Negroes, or to make Returns
to Jamarea, who will accomodate the same as they se bet for our Sevirae in gearere to Jamaica, who will accomodate the same as they see best for our Service in general
And And
penent them atothe Regrstred penent them atothe Regrstred
and Returns to Jameica and Returns to Jameica