Convoy for Cadiy consigning the same to Mr Nathaniel Herne Mercht Convoy for Cadiz consigning the same to Mr Nathaniel Herne Merch^t
for our account. That We may come at Our money as soon as possible with the for our account. That We may come at Our money as soon as possible with the
least Risgue, and as you can Purchase Logwood so Low as about Twenty least Risgue, and as you can Purchase Logwood so Low as about Twenty
pd t phin which will turn to account. We direct you when Our London pd 8/8 P tun which will turn to account. We direct you when Our London
comes That you putonboard her as much of the said Comodity as she can comes That you put on board her as much of the said Comodity as she can
take in for our account and consign it to us. As she is an Assients shyp take in for our account and consign it to us. As she is an Assiento ship
and may by vertue thereof enter into any of the Spanish Ports to take and may by vertue thereof enter into any of the Spanish Ports to take
in our Effects. in our Effects.
You may also send us by the said ship 200 Bays of good You may also send us by the said ship 200 Bags of good
Natural smuff well washed. Let it be pure and no without any toloue Natural snuff well washed. Let it be pure and no^t without any [colour]
added to it and fine Grounded added to it and fine Grounded
We remain We remain
Yor Loing hrands Yo^r Loving Friends
Novedina Spuff for the other No vedina Snuff for the other
Tells here as well as that sells here as well as that.
Ja Bateman Subgov
Sam Shepheard Dep:
J Blackwell
Jacob Jacobsen
Robert Chester
Jo^n Gore
P^n De la Porte
A Ingram
Rich Houlditch
H Raymond
Fran Eyles
R^d Horsey
W^m Tillard
Jn^o Fellowes
Sam Reade
Stephen Child
W^m Astell
W Morley
Charles Joye 
Jacob Sawbridge
W^m Hamond
over &elove ye 200 dags of Snsf We have P.S. over & above ye 200 bags of Snuff We have
Ordr you to send by the London. We direct you by the Ord'd you to send by the London. We direct you by the
first good Conscyance following to thip for our aucot. first good Conscyance following to thip for our aucot.
200 wage more of the same Sort. Fine grounded pure 200 bags more of the same Sort. Fine grounded pure
&n. without any Colour added to it, and consige &n^t without any Colour added to it, and consign
the same to us:   so that the same be calculated
to asrive here about 6 Months after the first parcel. to arrive here about 6 Months after the first parcel.
the factory own Rec^t of this in theirs of 27^th aug^t: 1718