hired the London which is to Depart from hence the 10th of the hired the London which is to Depart from hence the 10th of the
next month with the said Goods for your Part. next month with the said Goods for your Parts
We direct that you endeavour to Procure as many Good We direct that you endeavour to Procure as many Good
Merchantable negroes as you can, not exceeding 200 to be received Merchantable Negroes as you can, not exceeding 200 to be received
out of any that shall arrive for our accounts and for want of such out of any that shall arrive for our accounts and for want of such
to Purchase them on the best Terms you can with the necessary Provisions to Purchase them on the best Terms you can with the necessary Provisions
that they may be ready to be put on board on her Arrival so as not to detain that they may be ready to be put on board on her Arrival so as not to detain
the said ship in your Port: And having got if you can a Certificate the said ship in your Port: And having got if you can a Certificate
that the said ship comes from Jamaica with those Goods and delivered that the said Ship comes from Jamaica with those Goods and delivered
the same to the Comander. Dispatch her Directly for Portobelo the same to the Comander, Dispatch her Directly for Portobelo.
You are to give particular Directions to the Comander of You are to give particular Directions to the Comander of
His Majestys ship before mentioned to take from Our Carthagena His Majesty's Ship before mentioned to take from Our Carthagena
Factory, and carry with him to Portobelo to be delivered to our Factory, and carry with him to Portobelo to be delivered to our
Factors there alertificate, that these 74½ Tuns of Goods are wanting Factors there a Certificate, that these 74 1/4 Tuns of Goods are wanting
to compleat the 600 Tuns of Permission, and such other Certificates to compleat the 600 Tuns of Permission, and such other Certificates
(if any) a are required by the Presidents said Licence that there may (if any) as are required by the Presidents said Licence that there may
be no obstruction to the admission of the said Goods at Portobelo, but that be no obstruction to the admission of the said Goods at Portobelo, but that
all things may be ready against their arrival there. all things may be ready against their arrival there.
We also direct you to send a Sloop with the man of War We also direct you to send a Sloop with the man of War
down to Carthagena with negroes to bring to Jamaica Duplicate of the down to Carthagena with Negroes to bring to Jamaica Duplicate of the
Certificates last mentioned in order to be put on board the London. 12 Certificates last mentioned, in order to be put on board the London. We
are sending to your Place with the 744 Tuns which Sloop may lye are sending to your Place with the 74 1/4 Tuns which Sloop may lye
at Carthagena till the Man of War be Loaden that if there be more at Carthagena till the Man of War be Loaden that if there be more
Goods than she can canry. The may take them on boardher, and proced Goods than she can carry. She may take them on board her, and proceed
with the man of War to Portobelo: where having discharged her Goods with the Man of War to Portobelo: where having discharged her Goods
she may imediately return to Jamaica with the necessary Certificates she may imediately return to Jamaica with the necessary Certificates
for the Introducing the 744 Tuns at Portebelo. And if she has no for the Introducing the 74 1/4 Tuns at Portobelo. And if she has no
Goods, then to return directly from Carthagena with those Goods, then to return directly from Carthagena with those
Certificates. And imediately upon receipt of them. Our ship Certificates. And imediately upon receipt of them. Our ship
London being Arrived. You are to give the same to the Comand. London being Arrived. You are to give the same to the Commandr
thereof and dispatch him away to Portobelo. Expedition in this thereof and dispatch him away to Portobelo. Expedition in this
affoir being of Great Consequence to us, and therefore We recomens affair being of Great Consequence to us, and therefore We recomeended