which you are by all means to do if Possible, eventho you give which you are by all means to do if Possible, eventho you give
security to abide the H. of Spains Determination and give such a security to abide the K. of Spains  Determination and give such a
ratuity as you think this Service requires and as our cinnual ship gratuity as you think this Service requires and as our annual ship
is an Essential part of the Assicnto, if any Dificulties should hap. is an Essential part of the Assiento, if any Dificulties should hap^n.
to arise in relation to her or her cargoe yor Indue Consersator is to arise in relation to her or her cargoe yo^r Judge Conservator is
the only Person to apply to for adjusting them. This will lead you the only Person to apply to for adjusting them. This will lead you
always to chuse for that office one of the greatest Powerand authority always to chuse for that office one of the greatest Power and authority
who is able to Protect our Affairs: lest the Saperiour office should be who is able to Protect our Affairs: lest the Superiour offic^d should be
troublesome as at Lima where your Judge Conscroatoras Weare troublesome as at Lima where your Judge Conservator as We are
told cannot exercise the lowers of the assicnts on our behalf tho he told cannot exercise the powers of the assiento on our behalf. tho he
be never so well inclined, so well as if he were one of the audlencia be never so well inclined, so well as if he were one of the [audlencia]
or in some place which authorizes his sitting with them whereyon or in some place which authorizes his sitting with them where you
the first starting any Difficulty or opposition offers against any the first starting any Difficulty or opposition offers against any
thing that relates to us he might have the opportunity of acquainting thing that relates to us he might have the opportunity of acquainting
them that it was wholly his office & Function to determine and them that it was wholly his office & Function to determine and
judge of It being excepted out of their Suruidution by the Articles judge of It being excepted out of their Juridution by the Articles
of the assients and hu lath. Majesty's eapress orders for putting of the assiento and the cath. Majesty's express orders for putting
the same in execution. the same in execution.
26th If the be really our care at Limce. You will speedily 26th If this be really our care at Lima. You will speedily
take the matter into Consideration how far it may be necessary take the matter into Consideration how far it may be necessary
to induce the present Judge Concers. to relinguish his Office and place to induce the present Judge Concevrs. to relinguish his Office and place
it in the hands of one of his friends who is of the Audiencia it in the hands of one of his friends who is of the Audiencia
and has power and inclination to Protect us. We being willing and has power and inclination to Protect us. We being willing
to do all in our Power to Promote that Gent Interest to do all in our Power to Promote that  Gent^n Interest
Concerning other Eedulas Concerning other Cedula's
We have rices Copy yousent of the Cedula to the Gov. & Roy 1 We have recd Copy you sent of the Cedula to the Govr. & Royl
officers of Portobelo relating to the Bedford's Cargoe officers of Portobelo relating to the Bedford's Cargoe
We note your having removed the Spanish Tactorias 2 We note your having removed the Spanish Factorias
to Negroes upon our Procuring from his Cath Majr) its Approb to Negroes upon our Procuring from his Cath Majty its Approbt
within 2 years; but that your Gov. and saidgenust that if thean within 2 years; but that your Govr. and said assenist that if he can
ships Arrive they will act on the part of his Cath Majty ships Arrive they will act on the part of his Cath: Majty
We We