We think it also Necessary, That the expective Factors at We think it also Necessary, That the respective Factors at
each Factory should enter into Bonds to be true & faithfull to each each Factory should enter into Bonds to be true & faithfull to each
other, with such Covenants in the Nature of Partners, as may be other, with such Covenants in the Nature of Partners, as may be
thought proper and that they be jointly bound to the Comps. for their thought proper and that they be jointly bound to the Comp^s. for their
just dealing by them, in all Matters comitted to their Joint Trust just dealing by them, in all Matters comitted to their Joint Trust
& Management. This is the Mithed We have agreed upon, We have & Management. This is the Method We have agreed upon, We have
also been considering of settling Such Factors at the places where We also been considering of settling Such Factors at the places where We
have now Factorys as may be most capable of putting the same have now Factorys as may be most capable of putting the same
in Execution with Integrity & Reputation, but We have not yet been in Execution with Integrity & Reputation, but We have not yet been
able to adjust that Matter able to adjust that Matter;
As to Your Selves We are so well satisfied in Your As to Your Selves We are so well satisfied in Your
Management of our affairs hitherto, that We hope the Disposition Management of our affairs hitherto, that We hope the Disposition
We have now acquainted you with will be acceptable to you having We have now acquainted you with will be acceplable to you having
Confidence that you will equally exert Your Selves that This Trade Confidence that you will equally expert your Selves that This Trade
may be made as beneficial to the Comp as possible, whereby Your may be made as beneficial to the Compa  as possible, whereby Your
own Interest & Reputation will likewise be advanced in proportion own Interest & Reputation will likewise be advanced in proportion
weare we are
Yor affectinate Friends Yo^r affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
of the South lea Cony of the South Sea Comp^a
Jno Eyles SubGov. Jn^o Eyles SubGov^r.
J. Mudge DGov J. Mudge DGov^r
M. Lant M. Lant
S. Jones P. Jones
J. Kaworth J. Raworth
T Ayles T Ayles
R Mood R Mood
H Cartwright H Cartwright
W. Heath W. Heath
N. Michlethwaite N. Michlethwaite
G Roberts G Roberts
T. Savill T. Savill
F. Shinner F. Shinner
Acct of Disturment on Regreesby the Number taken by abrote Ms Lawin Acct of Disturment on Regreesby the Number taken by abrote Ms Lawin
Acct of Disturment on Regreesby the Number taken by abrote Ms Lawin Acct of Disturment on Regreesby the Number taken by abrote Ms Lawin
Cory of Gent Nichotions tre to the seet Jvr utrkig to do Cory of Gent Nichotions tre to the seet Jvr utrkig to do
Ps. Herewith you have Savoice & Bill of lading for a Clock Ps. Herewith you have Invoice & Bill of lading for a Clock
put on board this ship by the Co for the Levt General of put on board this ship by the Co for the Lieut General of
Cartogene which you will forward to that Foctory, with thovie Cartagena which you will forward to that Factory, with the Invoice
Adoing then thereof Advising them thereof
Ps. Upon looking over Our Cedulas Ps. Upon looking over Our Cedulas
we find we have by us. Authentick Copies we find we have by us. Authentick Copies
of the General ledula of Indulto before of the General Cedula of Indulto before
Refer'd to, Of which we anrd you 2 Inclosed Refer'd to, Of which we send you 2 Inclosed
Lis tof lapons which aeon pany the eter ont List of papers which a company the letter vizt
2lnie of the Cednla for a general Indulto 2 Copies of the Cedula for a general Indulto
a br from the Court directed to the supa laroes of ye R G a Ltre from the Court directed to the supra Cargoes of ye R G
50 Ganish lapes in tlank under ye Comps Seal sign'd by ye Sevr 50 spanish papes in blank under the Comps Seal sign'd by the Sevrs
Numberd 5t to 100 6 Honmlers included Numberd 51 to 100 both numbers included
H. Ashton H. Ashton
loys of tes inting refer to in seid letter Copys of tes dispositions refer'd to in said letter
Wm Brooke Wm Brooke
Ivorce Bill of leading of Chaistr for Gear of £ Ivoice Bill of Lading of Chairs for Govr of La 
of an day clock for the hi dp of an 8 day clock for the Lieut Genl
B. Lethicullier B. Lethicullier
of Cartagone of Cartagena
M. Raper M. Raper
Aund 20 Aug. 1725. A A Spt. Aund 20 Aug. 1725. A A Spt.