other cases of the like Nature you send is authentick copies of your Irseeding other cases of the like Nature you send is authentick copies of your proceeding
containing yor Petitions, and their Refusal for without them. Mean never containing yor Petitions, and their Refusal for without them. we can never
make any application to the Court of madred. make any application to the Court of Madrid.
We have sent to Madrd the accounts you transmitted us of the sleg We have sent to Madrid the accounts you transmitted us of the slaves
you Indulte, for which you had been obliged to say the King's Duties with you Indulted, for which you had been obliged to pay the King's Duties with
the Royal officers Receipts. so far as you have sent them to us, and have the Royal officers Receipts. so far as you have sent them to us, and have
Duty thereon have wit a mand given them an account of the Injustie done us in being obliged to pay the given them an account of the Injustice done us in being obliged to pay the
Duties for Indulted negroes in any other Place than madnrd; if what you Duties for Indulted negroes in any other Place than madrid; if what you
say be true that the same was always allowed to the French, and that say be true that the same was always allowed to the French, and that
the Regroes they Indulted were to be deemed part of those they were the negroes they Indulted were to be deemed part of those they were
obliged annually to furnish. obliged annually to furnish.
In answer to which Mr Bowles writes us that the Royal In answer to which Mr Bowles writes us that the Royal
Officers at Panama have governed themselves litterally to the Article Officers at Panama have governed themselves litterally to the Article
37. Pretending you should pay down in the Kings Coffers. the Duties 37. Pretending you should pay down in the Kings Coffers the Duties
of the Negroes which were Indulted. for at the end of it, it is onided of the Negroes which were Indulted, for at the end of it, it is provided
That at the same time that they are Indulted the duty shall be paid, and That at the same time that they are Indulted the duty shall be paid, and
as these hegroes have not been Considered. Introduced in the time of as these negroes have not been Considered Introduced in the time of
the dnteedent assientists on account of the number of the Lontract! To the antcedent assientists on account of the number of their contract, So
in this caue It is to be understood of those that are confiscated and Seized in this caue It is to be understood of those that are confiscated and Seized
from Persons who have Introduced them illegally, so that what pow from Persons who have Introduced them illegally, so that what proceeds
from these Indultos is a Seperate benefit of the Contract of the 4500 from these Indulto's is a Seperate benefit of the Contract of the 4800
Negroes yearly and therefore impracticable to dimand, they be Negroes yearly and therefore impracticable to demand, they be
discounted out of the money to be paid yearly in Madrid, and therefore discounted out of the money to be paid yearly in Madrid, and therefore
not to be wondred the Royal Officers would not apply the Produte of not to be wondred the Royal Officers would not apply the Produce of
the Negroes confiscated & sold discounting the duties of those Indulted, the Negroes confiscated & sold discounting the duties of those Indulted,
it being necessary to be applied to the Company which not having beere it being necessary to be applied to the Company which not having been
executed must be Sollicited in the Council of Indies on Sight and executed must be Sollicited in the Council of Indies on Sight and
examination of the Autos, which therefore you are not to omit to examination of the Autos, which therefore you are not to omit to
send to us send to us
As to the ledula youdesired for Placing Guards in Boqueron As to the cedula you desired for Placing Guards in Boqueron
Cruize & concerning which we gave you ar opinion that you might Cruize & concerning which we gave you ar opinion that you might
to to