Chew? Eou sent to madrid by port the 21t past, but lest that should Chew? Eou sent to madrid by port the 21^t past, but last that  but should
also meet with any Stop by the way We likewise send you inclosed another also meet with any Stop by the way We likewise send you inclosed another
Ong Certificate the same with that sent by Sr William Orig^l Certificate the same with that sent by Sr William
We not yor advice concerning the memory of Goods you We note you advice concerning the memory of Goods you
sent us for the Expence of Tieera Firme. And that for Our future sent us for the Expence of Sierra Firme. And that for Our future
Annt ship you say it will be Proper to add a Considerable sum in Ann^l, ship, you say it will be Proper to add a Considerable sum in
Spanish Sicks of which as you promised We shall expect the Spanish Sicks, of which as you promised We shall expect the
Memory that We may consider how far it may be advisable, Memory that We may consider how far it may be advisable,
to give directions for Providing them to give directions for Providing them.
This day the Ches Eon laid before the Court a meml This day the Chev. Eon laid before the Court a meml
copy whereof is inclosed containing a Proposal to the King of spain copy whereof is inclosed containing a Proposal to the King of spain
which he says His CM. has apploved for Preventing any Enlreasnt. which he says His CM. has approved for Preventing any Embarasmen^t.
of our Ann ship designed for Carthr & Portobels in the Spanish of our Ann^l ship designed for Carth^a & Portobelo in the Spanish
Whit Indies. West Indies.
In it youl observe that Mr Robt Sea who is Seery In it you'l observe that M^r Rob^t Shea who is Secry
to Sr Wm Eon) is said to be appointed by his CM to embark in to Sr W^m Eon is said to be appointed by his CM: to embark in
the said ship verted with his Maj. Orders to take Care of his Iatereu the said ship vected with his Maj^s. Orders to take Care of his Interest
in vertue of the assiente Contract in vertue of the assiento Contract.
We have considered this Proposal and take it to be an We have considered this Proposal and take it to be an
Innovation upon the Assiento Contract, showever Specious the Innovation upon the Assiento Contract, showever Specious the
Pretence may be) The King of Spain having by the Assiento Pretence may be) The King of Spain having by the Assiento
Contract only the Liberty to appoint Directors in the Indici Contract only the Liberty to appoint Directors in the Indici
and here to take lare of his Interest. But no Power to land and here to take lare of his Interest. But no Power to lend
any with Our Annual ships. any with Our Annual ships.
You are therefore to consult Mr Uzarde hereupon and You are therefore to consult M^r Uzardi hereupon and
to procure and send us with the utmost Expedition a lopy of such to procure and send us with the utmost Expedition a Copy of such
owers if any, as are to be given to Mr Thea in relation to Powers if any, as are to be given to Mr Shea in relation to
this Afair and of the Instructions to be given him. this Affair and of the Instructions  also to be given him.
In the mean time as We would not have you oppose In the mean time as We would not have you oppose
nor consent to his going. We desire you to take care in case the nor consent to his going. We desire you to take care in case the
King of Spain har determened he shall go in our Annt Ship that his King of Spain has determened he shall go in our Ann^l Ship / that his
Orders & Instructions be so worded as only to see the Kings Cedula Orders & Instructions be so worded as only to see the Kings Cedula
for for