4 171
have Provided a Cargee of very great value proper for the Expence of have Provided a Cargoe of very great value proper for the Expence of
Carthagene & Portobelo aud have Built a ship on Purpose to carry the same Carthagena & Portobelo and have Built a ship on Purpose to carry the same
If Weare prevsented. It muct be attended with very ill Consequences to If We are prevented. It must be attended with very ill Consequences to
the Company not only in respect to the Great Expence they have been at the Company not only in respect to the Great Expence they have been at
1n Building and Equipping the ship on Purpose for this Service, and the in Building and Equipping the ship on Purpose for this Service, and the
Damages which the largoe mut Sustain by keeping, and being out of Damages which the Cargoe must Sustain by keeping, and being out of
Our money, but will deprive us of this Advantage of going without the Our money, but will deprive us of this Advantage of going without the
Galleons, by which means We might expect a Bettermarket for our Galleons, by which means We might expect a Bettermarket for our
Goods, And the Like Prefences which are now made, may for the Goods, And the Like Pretences which are now made, may for the
future be continued, to Prevent all which We have this Day drawn up future be continued, to Prevent all which We have this Day drawn up
a Representation to His Majesty for his Interposition with the a Representation to His Majesty for his Interposition with the
Court of Spain, and shall attend the Secretary of State to morow Court of Spain, and shall attend the Secretary of State tomorrow
therewith, and advise you the Result. In the mean time If therewith, and advise you the Result. In the mean time If
you have not paid all the money to the King of Spain. We think it you have not paid all the money to the King of Spain. We think it
very Proper that you delay it all you lan till We see the Issue of this very Proper that you delay it all you can till We see the Issue of this
Affair and whether We shall gethe Cedula for the Canarys hip which Affair and whether We shall get the Cedula for the Canaryship which
is now on Demorage and if she should be Prevented going We must is now on Demorage and if she should be Prevented going We must
be great Sufferees by the Wines and Brandies which ase Provided be great Sufferees by the Wines and Brandies which are Provided
And very Liable to Perish And very Liable to Perish
(This being Post day some of the Diretors have this This being Post day some of the Directors have this
afternoon attended the Secretary of Atate and Conford with him afternoon attended the Secretary of State and Conford with him
on this Affair and doubt not but Mr Hanhope will be writ to on this Affair and doubt not but Mr Stanhope will be writ to
by neat Post. Assuare therefore to wait on his Excilly and agqueint by next Post. You are therefore to wait on his Excell.^y and acquaint
him therewish him therewith.
We oberve that We have no notice from you neither We oberve that We have no notice from you neither
of this affair. nor that relating to Mr Sheas goug lwith Our Annual of this affair. nor that relating to M^r Sheas going with Our Annual
Ship. Wideine you will we yor Endravours to get the earliest Intelligence Ship. We desire you will use yo.^r Endeavours to get the earliest Intelligence
Possible of what is doing with relation to Our affairs even tho it Possible of what is doing with relation to Our affairs even tho it
be with some expence and get and Give ls as nice and be with some expence and get and Give us as nice and
early early