to come with them. Also the several Pallicts of the Tyger & Mercury. to come with them. Also the several Packets of the Tyger & Mercury.
Constantine and Princess of Wales Constantine and Princess of Wales
We sometime since reced a Packet from our veraliur We sometime since reced a Packet from our Vera Cruz
Factory of the 20th May which we take to be that you mention to be Factory of the 20th May which we take to be that you mention to be
forwarded from Carolina by Captn. Gordon whose advices We note forwarded from Carolina by Captn. Gordon whose advices We note
concerning the Lossof our Brigantine and the Vent of Negrocs at Vera concerning the Loss of our Brigantine and the Vent of Negroes at Vera
liug. We also note lapt nixons arrival with you having bro Cruz We also note Captn Nixons arrival with you having brot
thence a great quantity of Cockincal & Drugs, but you dont maution thence a great quantity of Cochincal & Drugs, but you dont mention
whether any part of it was for our account. Our last Letters from whether any part of it was for our account. Our last Letters from
that Factory acquaint us that they had put on board his Stoop which that Factory acquaint us that they had put on board his Sloop which
was Lost a Quantity of those Comodities for our Account which indeed was Lost a Quantity of those Comodities for our Account which indeed
had pit notice that he had foo) was the first advice We wver had directly from that Factory of was the first advice We ever had directly from that Factory of
Nixons Sloop Nixon's Sloop,--
We note your dispatching the Herbert Captn. Greenkill for We note your dispatching the Herbert Captn. Greenhill for
Carthagena the 24th May with 160 Negroes. The Eagle Scoop Captn Carthagena the 24th May with 160 Negroes. The Eagle Sloop Capt:
Baggs for the Havnna 4 August with 132 Negroes, and the John Roor Baggs for the Havana 4 August with 132 Negroes, and the John sloop
Capti. Lock the 17th Do. pr Portivelo with 139 in part of 500 they Captn. Lock the 17th Do. for Portobelo with 189 in part of 500. they
writ for with 200 Barrels Slowee on the Cagle and 200 Do. on the writ for with 200 Barrels Flower on the Eagle and 200 Do. on the
John Sloop to help bear the Charge which we approve John Sloop to help bear the Charge which we approve
We have reced the 85015 P f the Solday Man of War and the We have reced the 85015 $ of the Solbay Man of War and the
Logwood & Pustick of the Sath with the Bore of Papers from Carthe Logwood & Pustick of the Kath: with the Boa of Papers from Carth^a
as for the Tustick its not worth Preight & lustom, therefore to Psent as for the Tustick its not worth freight & custom, therefore to Present
our further Losses by that Comodity We must repeat our Directions our further Losses by that Comodity We must repeat our Directions
that if you have not already done it you forwarn all our Factories that if you have not already done it you forwarn all our Factories
not to send any more. not to send any more.
We note the arrival of our ship the Prince Capt. Silgrave We note the arrival of our ship the Prince Captn. Snelgrave
with 353 Slaves his hiring the Greenbay Sloop Captt atkins on whom with 353 Slaves his hiring the Greenbay Sloop Captn Atkins on whom
youship'd 136 for Cortevelo and approve the reasons for he excuing you ship'd 186 for Portebelo and approve the reasons for yor executing
his not carrying them in the same ship. his not carrying them in the same ship.
We also note your dipatching the Sloop Neptune Capt. val We also note your dipatching the Sloop Neptune Captn. Vial
for St. Sago Alba with 136 Negroes and their delivery there for St. Jago de cuba with 186 Negroes and their delivery there
We have reced your account of the disposal of 215 hegea We have reced your account of the disposal of 213 negroes 
kept