take his passage in the London to Cath to a suist in leoading the take his passage in the London to Cath to a suist in loading the
Goods and reced to porto belo to Assist that Factory in the Goods and rece^d to porto belo to Assist that Factory in the
Sales and in gathering up the returns to be made by this ship Sales and in gathering up the returns to be made by this ship
We hope the London will Arrive time enough to We hope the London will Arrive time enough to
prevent your putting in execution your design of hering a Man prevent your putting in execution your design of hering a Man
of warr or buying Sloops for transparting the Goods from Carth to of war or buying Ships for transporting the Goods from Carth to
Porto belo Since you had no orders from us, until the Arrwar of the Porto belo Since you had no orders from us, until the Arrival of the
Sarah Gally or Ludlow Castle Sarah Gally or Ludlow Castle
We have just now read Leter from M Bumpslead We have just now rece^d Letter from M^r Bumpslead
of the 12 Novy & 14 Dee which youl acquaint time and thatwe of the 12th Nov & 14 Dec which you'l acquaint time and that we
are glad to hear of his Recosely are glad to hear of his Recovery
We have also reced your Original Letter of the sroa We have also rece^d your Original Letter of the 5th Nov
with the English pas & paper Delivered Cap Baggs instlead of the with the English pass & paper Delivered Cap Baggs instead of the
We are We are
Spanish Pass Spanish Pass
Ye Loring F cnds the Y^r Loving Friends the
Coast of Direct of the South Court of Directs of the South
Sea Company Sea Company
Step. Culd Step: Child
Sam Reade Sam Reade
Ta Baleman Sab Gov Ta Balcman Sab Gov^r
Saml Shepheard DepGod Sam: Shepheard DepGod
Wm Morley W^m Morley
Rob:. Claplin Rob. Claplin
Horsey R. Horsey
In Lambert Jn Lambert
Fran Eifles Fran: Eyles
Harco Master Harco Master
Cs Loye Cha Joye
Wm Hamond W^m Hamond
Sd Delaporte Sel Delaporte
In Tellowes In Tellowes
Jacob Lawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Jaccob Jacoben Jaccob Jacoben
H Raymbnd H Raymond
K Soulditch R^d Houditch
In Plunt In Plunt
G Ingrain G Ingrain
Wm Chapman W^m Chapman
E Gibbon E. Gibbon
R P.S.
Captn Whitworth of the Ludlow Castle being a particular Capt^n Whitworth of the Ludlow Castle being a particular
Friend and well known to us, He would have you if it be Friend and well known to us. He would have you (if it be
practicable) give him the preference to the Diamond practicable) give him the preference to the Diamond &
He isnow ready to proceed with the Govr of Jamaica wch He is now ready to proceed with the Gov^r of Jamaica which
may be amean to do it with the better Grace maybe a means to do it with the better Grace
Pas Gatenan Seb Goo Jas Bateman Sub Govr
I am Shepheard Depty Sam Shepheard Depty
our Lett to the Carthagona Factory comes under a Covert to Mr Bumpshad our Lett:^r to the Carthagona Factory comes under a Covert to M^r Bumpshad
So that in last to be gome from Jamaica You are to take of the Outfice Cover So that in last to be gome from Jamaica You are to take of the Outside Cover
& forward it as Diected to the Carth? Factory. & forward it as Directed to the Cartha: Factory.
Answerd 23 April 1718 Answerd . 23 April 1718.