that Factory the Accounts of your Proceedings which also do to us as offer that Factory the Accounts of your Proceedings which also do to us as offer
as opportunity offers. as opportunity offers.
We note the 3 Pries brot. in by the Guarda loast Slops. We note the 3 Prizes brot. in by the Guarda Coast Sloops.
One with 6negroes 2e9 at 3 pr India C One with 6 negroes regd at 3 ps India 1/8.
Another with 44 2qd at 36 Do. ofter Regist in the Kings Becl 287 Another with 44 .  regd at 36 Do. after Registd in the Kings Books 25ps
Another with 3 2e9 at 2& 5 ps India. Another with 3  regd at 1/2 & 1/3 ps India.
which regrees you had bot of the Capters at 110 P pps India psant to which negroes you had bot of the Captors at 110$ P ps India Psuant to
Cedula grauted the French Ass. Company and afterwards sold which Cedula granted the French Ass. Company and afterwards sold which
We approve and would have you continue so to do upon all occasions, And We approve and would have you continue so to do upon all occasions, And
herewith you have a Like ledula granted by the King of Spain to this herewith you have a Like Cedula granted by the King of Spain to this
Company whereby the Capters are obliged to sell you all Orize Negroy Company, whereby the Captors are obliged to sell you all prize Negroes
at 0 pps India at $110 pps India
We noto he Supplies of negroes you have reced 16 p Mr We note the Supplies of negroes you have reced 16 p Mr
Cumbelege from Jamaila 30 from Cartha and 75 f the Stoop Endeavour Cumberlege from Jamaica 30 from Cartha and 75  P the Sloop Endeavour
But of these negroes you don't say that you have sold any except 2 Regoe But of these negroes you don't say that you have sold any except 2 Negroe
Women to the Governour at 150 ff each and 1 Negroe man to the Royal Women to the Governour at 150 $ each and 1 Negroe man to the Royal
Officers at the same Price on account of their Low Regulations Butyo Officers at the same Price on account of their Low Regulations But you
are to observe that We can have no manner of Benefit from Low are to observe that We can have no manner of Benefit from Low
Regulations unless we unport above 4800 Negroes ps of India P Ann Regulations unless we import above 4800 Negroes ps of India P Annm
which hitherto We have fallen very short of and therefore cannot be which hitherto We have fallen very short of and therefore cannot be
worth while to buy that favour. worth while to buy that favour.
(The 424 Hentals of Logwood you shyed on the Endeavour for The 424 Kentals of Logwood you shipd on the Endeavour for
Jamaiea has been delivered us. If the Spaniarts continue to supede Jamaica has been delivered us. If the Spaniards continue to Impede
the latting Logwood in the Bay. You may go on to send us this Comodity the letting Logwood in the Bay. You may go on to send us this Comodity
at not ecceeding the Price you gave for this, so as it promotes the Sales at not excceeding the Price you gave for this, so as it promotes the Sales
of Our hegroes. of Our negroes.
We have reced from lathagina the Process relating to the We have reced from Cathagena the Process relating to the
51 Negroes Stranded on the north side of yo Island and sold by Your 51 Negroes Stranded on the north side of yor Island and sold by Your
Govd. & Royal Officers and observe you got it determined in out froad Govr. & Royal Officers, and observe you got it determined in our favour
upon entring) into Obligations to be accountable for the Produce should upon entring into Obligations to be accountable for the Produce should
his Cath Majty revoke the Sentence We have transmitted these his Cath Majty revoke the Sentence We have transmitted these
Actos with the Account sent of the net proceed of these Negrocs Actos with the Account sent of the net proceed of these Negroes