South Sea house. South Sea house
London 28th June 1718 London 28th June 1718.
Mr Bowles Mr Bowles
Our last was the 26th Inst. copy inclosed since which Our last was the 26th Inst: (copy inclosed) since which
have had a Conference wth Mr Seiry Craggs, the Marg Montalion and the have had a Conference wth Mr Secry Craggs, the Marg.^s Monteleon and the
Chevat lon upon the subject of the annual ships suspension wherein We Chevat Eon upon the subject of the annual ship's suspension, wherein We
delivered our reasons for insisting on her departure pursuant to the Convention delivered our reasons for insisting on her departure pursuant to the Convention
with which the Marg. & Cheo. were so throughly convinced and Satified, the with which the Marg.^s & Chev.^s were so throughly convinced and Satisfied, that
they have prepared a Memorial to the Coust of Spain signed by both of them that they have prepared a Memorial to the Court of Spain signed by both of them that
no longer delay may be given to this affair. Out that the ledula may be speedily no longer delay may be given to this affair; But that the Cedula may be speedily
granted. The Marg hes also writ a Private Letter to the Cardinal to inforcesle granted. The Marg.^s has also writ a Private Letter to the Cardinal to inforce the
same. And by their advice We send au Expression purpose to there dispatches same. And by their advice We send an Expression purpose w.^th these dispatches
that they may have the greater weight and meet with the quickest conclusion that they may have the greater weight and meet with the quickest conclusion
To which end you and Mr uarde are to use your atmost application that To which end you and M.^r Uzardi are to use your atmost application that
the messenger may be returned back with the ledule as soon as Possible the messenger may be returned back with the Cedule as soon as Possible
you are also to take care that it be drawn up very full and ample, and you are also to take care that it be drawn up very full and sample. and
Particularly that We may have a freedom of trade in the disposal of our Particularly that We may have a freedom of trade in the disposal of our
Goods. We having reason to apprehend that We shall meet with all the Goods. We having reason to apprehend that We shall meet with all the
Interuption & entarassment Possible from the Prince of St. Buene and Interuption & enbarassment Possible from the Prince of St. Bueno and
Comerce of Peru upon whose Representation this Suspension was grouned Comerce of Peru upon whose Representation this Suspension was grounded
He also confer'd upon the after of the 4 ms. and the alantagy We also confer'd upon the affair of the 4 mo.^s and the advantages
that would acerue to the Company and the lomerce if that were dispensed wth that would [accrue] to the Company and the Comerce if that were dispensed w.^th
(seeing Gallsons do not go) by giving a more imediate vent to thy Cargoe an (seeing Galleons do not go) by giving a more imediate vent to thy Cargoe an
also to the next Galleons; But as the other is a matter of right and this rs also to the next Galleons; But as the other is a matter of right and this is
only a matter of favour We were advised lest it should occasion any only a matter of favour We were advised best it should occasion any
obstruction or delay not to apply for that as yet till such time as We hadg of obstruction or delay not to apply for that as yet till such time as We had got 
over the former, after which We hope We may be able to obtain it and over the former, after which We hope We may be able to obtain it and
direct you and Mr Warde to do all you can for that Purpose, Dr Wm direct you and M.^r Uzardi to do all you can for that Purpose, S.^r W.^m
Con has already represented this matter to Dr Joseph Rodrgo as you will Eon has already represented this matter to D.^r Joseph Rodrigo as you will
see by the inclosed Translation of the 12th May last see by the inclosed Translation of the 12.^th May last.
Mr. Secretary Craggs at this Conference acquainted us that the M.^r Secretary Craggs at this Conference acquainted us that the
Marg of Monteleon had laid before him a Complainty the Royal Prince oue Marg.^s of Monteleon had laid before him a Complaint y^t the Royal Prince our
Annualship which went to vera lruy was accompanied by the Diamend Annualship which went to Vera Cruz was accompanied by the Diamond
man of War and another ship. To the intent that the Royal Oince man of War and another ship. To the intent that the Royal Prince
might carry her entire lading of Merchandize and the other two her might carry her entire lading of Merchandize and the other two her
Store Stores