South SeaHouse South SeaHouse
Lond 300 1717 Lond:^o 30 1717
Hon Hon^d Sir
The sund assurances yor Exy. was pleased to The kind assurances yo^r Exc^.y was pleased to
give the Gent of our Direction who had the Stonl to wait on you before give the Gent^n of our Direction who had the Hon^.r to wait on you before
Your departure, of your Interposition in favour of the Company at the Your departure, of your Interposition in favour of the Company at the
Court of madred have been comunicated to the Court of Directors. In Court of madrid have been comunicated to the Court of Directors. In
whose name we are to return you thanks whose name we are to return you thanks
We should be heartily glad to hear of yor Lafe arrival at Matrd We should be heartily glad to hear of yo^r. Safe arrival at Madrid
and that yor Exc has met with a Pleasing reception at that Court and that yo^r Exc^y has met with a Pleasing reception at that Court
What He have at Present to trouble you which is to acquaint What He have at Present to trouble you which is to acquaint
you that We have directed Our agents Mr Dowles and Mr Wzardi 1o you that We have directed Our agents Mr Dowles and Mr uzardi to
attend & Conult with yor Exey from time to time concerning Our affairs attend & Conult with yo^r Exe^cy from time to time concerning Our affairs
and receive such orders as you shall be pleased to give them and as the and receive such orders as you shall be pleased to give them and as the
same concern not only the company but the nation Ware sensible there same concern not only the company but the nation We are sensible there
needs the less Intreaty to prevail with you to use your utmost Endeavd needs the less Intreaty to prevail with you to use your utmost endeav^rd.
to obtain juit & Speedy Tatisfaction in all such Important matters as the to obtain just & Speedy satisfaction in all such Important matters as the
Company may have depending at that Court. Company may have depending at that Court.
From the great experience We have had of the Kings goodness From the great experience We have had of the Kings goodness
in Protecting our afairs We are assured that what good officer you shall in Protecting our affairs We are assured that what good officer you shall
be pleased to do the Company will be very acceptable to his Majty be pleased to do the Company will be very acceptable to his Maj.^ty
and We shall always acknowledge the same with the greatest etan and We shall always acknowledge the same with the greatest esteem
and respect. and respect.
We wish ye Excs Success in all yo Negotiation so a We wish yo^r Ex^cy Success in all yo^r Negotiation so as
to redound to the Honr of the King the Good of yo Country to redound to the Hon^r of the King the Good of yo^r Country
and of the Comerie of this Company and of the Comerce of this Company
We are We are
Yor Exrs. most Obedt and Yor Exr^cys. most Obed^t and
most humble Servt. most humble Serv^ts.
Srshepheard S. J shepheard
To Col. Sarhape. To Coll^o. Stanhope.
In. Blunt Jn^o. Blunt
Jno Fellowes Jn^o Fellowes
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman