We note what you write as to the Repral of the Governour of Autioctia, We note what you write as to the Repral of the Governour of Autioctia,
which We sent the Carthagena Factory in Ours of the 6th. June last concerning which We sent the Carthagena Factory in Ours of the 6th. June last concerning
Indultor in those parts with your Character of the Person and the poorness of Indultor in those parts with your Character of the Person and the poorness of
that Government & Country, and seeing Our Orders for putting the same in that Government & Country, and seeing Our Orders for putting the same in
Execution in that methed were only discretionary if the Factory founds it Execution in that methed were only discretionary if the Factory founds it
for the Company's Interest. We have no reason to think they have done ir for the Company's Interest. We have no reason to think they have done ir
But We hear nothing of this matter from the Carthagena Tactory, nor whether But We hear nothing of this matter from the Carthagena Tactory, nor whether
this Governour's son by whom We sent a Duplicate of Our Letter to that Factory of this Governour's son by whom We sent a Duplicate of Our Letter to that Factory of
the 6th June last is arrived, tho' We understand the ship on board which he was the 6th June last is arrived, tho' We understand the ship on board which he was
to go for lashagena arrived time enough for that Tactory to write us by the to go for lashagena arrived time enough for that Tactory to write us by the
Herbert in Answer to that Letter or at Least to own Rect of it. Herbert in Answer to that Letter or at Least to own Rect of it.
We obcerve that Mr Darge find's it his Interest not to accept of We obcerve that Mr Darge find's it his Interest not to accept of
being Judge Conservator at St Fee, In ease of the Nomination of a President being Judge Conservator at St Fee, In ease of the Nomination of a President
and much Less now there is a vicesking occasioned by the Late crection of a new and much Less now there is a vicesking occasioned by the Late crection of a new
Kingdom, which we shall acquaint Mr Wrardi with he being the Person who Kingdom, which we shall acquaint Mr Wrardi with he being the Person who
recomended that Gent recomended that Gent
You'l see by our Letters that We have sent you the King of Spains lesce You'l see by our Letters that We have sent you the King of Spains lesce
for a General Inducto which you so often writ for And We hope it wiee for a General Inducto which you so often writ for And We hope it wiee
be so put in Execution that We may reap considerable advantages from it be so put in Execution that We may reap considerable advantages from it
which you will advise us. which you will advise us.
Weare glad to hear of ye Recovery and are Weare glad to hear of ye Recovery and are
Yor affectionate Friends Yor affectionate Friends
The Committee of Corepondence The Committee of Corepondence
Sam: Shepheard Dep Sam: Shepheard Dep
Wm. Chapman Wm. Chapman
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
Jno Fellower Jno Fellower
Arcu 28 May 1718 Arcu 28 May 1718