By this Conveyance the Court have writ to their Agants at By this Conveyance the Court have writ to their Agants at
Jamaica & Factors at Carthe & Lanama the packetts to the two Jamaica & Factors at Carthe & Lanama the packetts to the two
latter being under a flying Seal for your porusal & Governmt latter being under a flying Seal for your porusal & Governmt
in rolation to the Transporting the Coods from Calthagona to in rolation to the Transporting the Coods from Calthagona to
Portobells In order to wch we have Pnt the London Capt Lillewhile Portobells In order to wch we have Pnt the London Capt Lillewhile
who is a Ship of force and Countnance, On her arrioal at Jamaica we who is a Ship of force and Countnance, On her arrioal at Jamaica we
have directed Messrs Pratter & Harlwood to put on board her 200 Negroos have directed Messrs Pratter & Harlwood to put on board her 200 Negroos
which had formerly Ordered him to provide & dispatch her imediately which had formerly Ordered him to provide & dispatch her imediately
to Carthe you will therefore take Care that the Negroos be proper for to Carthe you will therefore take Care that the Negroos be proper for
that Markett and Imbark on board this Ship for Carthd And we hope the that Markett and Imbark on board this Ship for Carthd And we hope the
Diamond Man of War to whom the Admiralty have snt Orders to Diamond Man of War to whom the Admiralty have snt Orders to
Assist will be ready to proceed We have sinceobtained another man of Assist will be ready to proceed We have sinceobtained another man of
War vizt the Ludlow Castle which carnes over the Governour of Jamaica, and y War vizt the Ludlow Castle which carnes over the Governour of Jamaica, and y
find the Captn. Instructions run for assisting the Diamond in the aforesaid Service. find the Captn. Instructions run for assisting the Diamond in the aforesaid Service.
But as Our Intention was only to have one Man of War and Our application to the But as Our Intention was only to have one Man of War and Our application to the
Admiralty for another was only in case the Diamond should by any accident be Admiralty for another was only in case the Diamond should by any accident be
presented from Proceding We would have you take care that if one of the men of presented from Proceding We would have you take care that if one of the men of
war goes on this Service, that then the other do not proceed. war goes on this Service, that then the other do not proceed.
Our Satention also is that the Man of War do not take in any of the Gord Our Satention also is that the Man of War do not take in any of the Gord
at Carthagina, unless there be more than the London can every. at Carthagina, unless there be more than the London can every.
He reeamend it to you to Pursue our Directions in making as large He reeamend it to you to Pursue our Directions in making as large
Returns by this ship as posible, to which end We have directed you to proceed to Returns by this ship as posible, to which end We have directed you to proceed to
Carthagena. Portobels & Panama to assist in Gathering up our Effects and in Carthagena. Portobels & Panama to assist in Gathering up our Effects and in
the sale of Our Goods, And of you can procure the Man of War to convoy the sale of Our Goods, And of you can procure the Man of War to convoy
her this the Galph. We have ordered her to call at the Havana to take her this the Galph. We have ordered her to call at the Havana to take
in what money & Effects shall be ready there and theme proceed for the fort in what money & Effects shall be ready there and theme proceed for the fort
of London otherwise she is to go under Convoy of the Man of War from of London otherwise she is to go under Convoy of the Man of War from
Portobelo directly to Jamaica, and thence for London with the first Convoy Portobelo directly to Jamaica, and thence for London with the first Convoy
that will see her clear of the Islands. that will see her clear of the Islands.
(This being the Sudstance of what we ha writ to Carthagena (This being the Sudstance of what we ha writ to Carthagena
Penamn & ct. We don't doubt but you will exert your self in bringing this Penamn & ct. We don't doubt but you will exert your self in bringing this
affair to a happy & speedy conclusion affair to a happy & speedy conclusion
We comend your leaving with our agents at Samaica the form of We comend your leaving with our agents at Samaica the form of
the Inquisition visit with the Questions they Ask and how to be answered the Inquisition visit with the Questions they Ask and how to be answered
for the Government of the Comandr & officers who shall go to Carthagene for the Government of the Comandr & officers who shall go to Carthagene
We We