Mp hegly ater Messrs Rigby & Pratter
Gent Gentn
The Sheyp Bellamount Capt. John Bennet being heighte The Ship Bellamount Capt. John Bennet being freighted
by the South sea Comp for a Voyage to the Wendward & Gold Coast by the South Sea Compa for a Voyage to those Windward & Gold Coast
of Guinea in Africa, there to take in 300 Negroes to be delivered at of Guinea in Africa, there to take in 300 Negroes to be delivered at
Your Port, Inclosed send You Abstract of sd Ships Clarkeparty for Your Port, Inclosed send You Abstract of sd Ships Charterparty for
Your Government I am Your Government.   I am
Genl Gent
Yor most hundlers Yor most humbl Servt
D.W D.W.
South sea Hlouse Lond South Sea House Londo
17 June 1725 17 June 1725.
W Couwsul Prider M^r. Consul Rider
To Sir
The Court have this Day agred to take Sixty pipes of The Court have this Day agred to take Sixty pipes of
Nine from Your House at Madera, You will therefore write over Wine from Your House at Madera, You will therefore write over
accordingly with Directions to Ship it for Jamaiea Consignd to accordingly with Directions to Ship it for Jamaiea Consignd to
hipe wime for lr. fredt. pipes wine for Pr. fred.^k
Messrs Righy & Pratter the Comps. Agents there on the casiest freight Mess.^r Rigby & Pratter the Comp.^s. Agents there on the [illegible] freight
You can procure and as dispatch is necessary our shyp Prince You can procure and as dispatch is necessary our Ship Prince
Frederick being orderd to proceed for the Downs, You will take Care Frederick being orderd to proceed for the Downs, You will take Care
thereof, And that the Wine be the best in its kind wth I had in particular thereof, And that the Wine be the best in its kind w.^ch I had in particular
to recomend to you. I am to recommend to you.      I am
Vndera Madeira
how in London now in London
Yor most hund sers. Yo.^r most humb^l Serv^t.
Southlea House South Sea House
17 June 1725 17: June 1725
D.W. D.W.
Mr. Shatford Mr Statford
London 17 Jue 1720 London 17: June 1725
To Sr
You may remember the Correspondence that papsd You may remember the Correspondence that passed
between Our selves & You the latter end of the last year in relation between Ourselves & You the latter end of the last year in relation
to