Another from Mr. Henry Johnson dated at the same place 2 Another from Mr. Henry Johnson dated at the same place 2^d
May lat May last.
Another from Mr Swartre dated at the same place the 16 Jnne last Another from Mr Swartz dated at the same place the 16 June last.
Another from Messrs Swnrtz and Bleckynden of the same date Another from Messrs? Swartz and Blechynden of the same date.
Another from Messrs. Derniss and Bulpen dated at Tamaica the Another from Messrs?. Derniss and Bulpen dated at Tamaica the
or. Lonlet. or. Lonlet.
And another from Messrs Dinniss Suartr Bleckynden, and Balpen And another from Messrs Denniss Swartz Blechynden, and Balpen
Dand at Parto belo 2d July last Dated at Porto belo 23 July last.
We have also Recived Letter from Your Governours and other We have also Recived Letter from Your Governours and other
Officer to whem We now write having delivared Our Letter to Our Spanish Officer to whem We now write having delivered Our Letter to Our
Supra Cargoes for them to present Suchas they shall see proper according Supra Cargoes for them to present such as they shall see proper according
to the Nature of the forcerns Committed to them, the Rest they will delwver to the Nature of the concerns Committed to them, the Rest they will deliver
to your selves to present, or not as you see propor, as it is probable some of to your selves to present, or not as you see propor, as it is probable some of
them may not be very Agreable. them may not be very Agreeable.
Weare surperised to hear by Your Letter from Madera that you We are surprised to hear by Your Letter from Madera that you
bould lermn nothing of the Cuter Bur &c. suyed by te here on the Royal Could learn nothing of the Cyder Bur &c. shiped by the here on the Royal
Gerge for Treating the Admiral Reyal Officer se at her Measurement George for Treating the Admiral Royal Officer &c at her Measurement
We have Examined in to it and the Capt. Assures Us it was all Expended We have Examined in to it and the Capt. Assures Us it was all Expended
that way and that be cannot account for your not knowing it, Henever that way and that be cannot account for your not knowing it, He never
having Made a Secret of it And having Signd Bills of Lading for them having Made a Secret of it And having Signd Bills of Lading for them
In Your said letter you Express your Great Amarement at In Your said letter you Express your Great Amazement of a
Exteript to Our Letter to the farthagenn Fratory Nelating to the Ropl Exteript? to Our Letter to the Carthagenn Factory Nelating to the Royal.
Georges proceding from that Place to firto fele, and having rersed the Georges proceeding from that Place to Porto Veto, and having revised the
same We find you notonously Misquote both the Letter and Latseript, Same We find you notoriously Misquote both the Letter and Lostseript,
and then Express your selves in very indicent Terms as if the Lostscript and then Express your selves in very indecent Terms as if the Lostscript
fere a forgery and Conctude Gruil have no Regard to it were a forgery and Conclude you'l have no Regard to it
We Should have taken up Our sume in making a Reply We Should not have taken up Our June in making a Reply
but to Confute you and tundicate the Letter and Latseript from Your but to Confute you and vindicate the Letter and Lostseript from Your
mioremantation misrepresentation