The said Instrument must be in like manner personaly seeve The said Instrument must be in like manner personaly served
on John Manley the Naval Officer by shewing to him the same under on John Manley the Naval Officer by shewing to him the same under
Seal and delivering to him the inclosed English Effect, instead of a Cope Seal and delivering to him the inclosed English Effect, instead of a Copy
The Officer who shall Execute the said Instrument must The Officer who shall Execute the said. Instrument must
insent the days of the Month and places of Executing the same in the insert the days of the Month and places of Executing the same in the
Cetificate mote on the back thereof, and Subscribe his name thereto, and Certificate wrote on the back thereof, and Subscribe his name thereto, and
swear to the Truth of the said Certificate before any Judge or Magistrate swear to the Truth of the said Certificate before any. Judge or Magistrate
capable of Administring an Oath. capable of Administring an Oath.
The said Instrument must be Executed some time before The said. Instrument must be Executed some time before
the 24 Maynext, on which day it is appointed to be returnd here in Court, the 24th May next, on which day it is appointed to be returnd here in Court,
but if it is executed before that day, we can continue the Return of it to but if it is executed before that day, we can continue the. Return of it to
any longer time as there shall be occasion; These directions areall our any longer time as there shall be occasion; These directions are all our
Procter advises are necessary to be given you touching the Execution and Procter advises are necessary to be given you touching the Execution and
Return of the Inclosed Instrument Return of the Inclosed Instrument.
By Order of the Court of Directors By Order of the Court of Directors
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
To Robert Cross Esqr Pesident and To Robert Cross Esqr President and
the Rest of the Factory of the Royal the Rest of the Factory of the Royal
Buitish Ass. Comp at Br Ayres British Asso Compy at Bs Ayres
Perl. Gentn
The Court wrote you at Large the 15 Instant by the The Court wrote you at Large the 15th Instant by the
Ruidge Galley Capt John Pedgeon taken up by the Company as one of Rudge Galley Capt  John Pidgeon taken up by the Company as one of
their 150 Tunships to proceed directly for your Port their 150 Tun ships to proceed directly for your Port.
This comes by the Bonita Capt Samuel Robarts whith This comes by the Bonita Capt Samuel Roberts which
the