176 176
You were acquainted with the Court's Intention to attens the You were acquainted with the Court's Intention to attens the
Peery of state with a Meml to His Majcity for his Interposit Peery of state with a Meml to His Majcity for his Interposit
with ye Court of Spain for taking off the Supension of or amnt. ship. with ye Court of Spain for taking off the Supension of or amnt. ship.
which has since been done and now Lyg before the Council And which has since been done and now Lyg before the Council And
Mr Secretary Craggs har Promised that an office act On this Mr Secretary Craggs har Promised that an office act On this
o fair shall Paps this day and that Mr Stanhope will have directiong o fair shall Paps this day and that Mr Stanhope will have directiong
by this Post. You are therewith with Mr Wyarde to attend Mr Stauhope by this Post. You are therewith with Mr Wyarde to attend Mr Stauhope
em Suspension Annual em Suspension Annual
to Concert how this affair may be brought to a Conclusion. and a to Concert how this affair may be brought to a Conclusion. and a
Cedule Granted as soonas may be exclusive of our being obliged to Cedule Granted as soonas may be exclusive of our being obliged to
wait the 4 months seeing the Gallons do not go. which ledula We insict wait the 4 months seeing the Gallons do not go. which ledula We insict
upon according to Hhis Majtr Solemn agreemt in the Late Consention upon according to Hhis Majtr Solemn agreemt in the Late Consention
with a full Liberty for us to sell the said Cargoe. with a full Liberty for us to sell the said Cargoe.
We have Perused yor Letter to the Envor and We have Perused yor Letter to the Envor and
the memorials on this Subject and approve thereof the memorials on this Subject and approve thereof
We observe the Pretences for this Suspension and We observe the Pretences for this Suspension and
take them to be meerly so, and if We admit them they maybe take them to be meerly so, and if We admit them they maybe
continued as long as they Please. And as to their allowing l continued as long as they Please. And as to their allowing l
2 ships next year when that time tomes they may have recourse 2 ships next year when that time tomes they may have recourse
to the arguments they made use of at the setling ye Convention ag. to the arguments they made use of at the setling ye Convention ag.
the sending out Bships together on account of Elapsed years, saying the sending out Bships together on account of Elapsed years, saying
It will give great offence to the Commerce. It will give great offence to the Commerce.
And As to the Badness of the Commerces which is ffented And As to the Badness of the Commerces which is ffented
and the Country being over Stock'd that is in a Great measure and the Country being over Stock'd that is in a Great measure
owing to the not keeping up the regular Fairs by which meany owing to the not keeping up the regular Fairs by which meany
the Interlopers find so great encouragement to bring their gods the Interlopers find so great encouragement to bring their gods
and were yhe Gallons reqularly to go the Country would be and were yhe Gallons reqularly to go the Country would be
Supphe by them and consequently the Illicit Trade be Supphe by them and consequently the Illicit Trade be
discouraged:- And all that We shall get by our ships not discouraged:- And all that We shall get by our ships not
going will be the Lopsof at Leart 25 p Ct and gives the going will be the Lopsof at Leart 25 p Ct and gives the
Interloper Interloper