Committed by the Jamaica Sloops on the Span Wrecks, We have Committed by the Jamaica Sloops on the Span Wrecks, We have
represented the same here; and Doubt not but Such Measures witl represented the same here; and Doubt not but Such Measures witl
be taken to Stop it for the future, were it as you write, Butle be taken to Stop it for the future, were it as you write, But we
have been informed, that those Depredations were Comitted by persons have been informed, that those Depredations were Comitted by persons
Sirce proclaimed pirates at Jamaica, and who plund all they Sirce proclaimed pirates at Jamaica, and who plundr all they
meet with meet with
We remain We remain
Your Loving Friends Your Loving Friends
The Court of Directrs of the see The Court of Directrs of the S Sea Co
Jamer Bateman Sabg Jamer Bateman SubG
Csoy Cha Fry
Jacob Sawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Saml Shepheard Dy Saml Shepheard DG
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Theo: Jantor Theo: Jansen
P Defapert P Delaport
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Geo Caswall Geo Caswall
Fish Tench Fish Tench
Citbep pages Ambep pages
Richd Houlditch Richd Houlditch
Som Read Saml Read
Fra Hawe Fra Hawe
Do Hays DR Hays
Robt Chiskr Robt Chester
Ro Horsey Ro Horsey
AWlint Jno Blint
Fralyles Fra Eyles
Messr. Thompson Pratter Messrs. Thompson Pratter
& Haselwood & Haselwood
South Seahouse South Sea house
London 22 Feb. 19716 London 22nd Feb. 1716/17
Our last was the 6th Febry of the London Our last was the 6th Febry P the London
Frigat Copy Inclosed wherein We advised you of our Frigat Copy Inclosed wherein We advised you of our
Intention to send you send Speedily another ship to take in not Intention to send you send Speedily another ship to take in not
exceeding 200 Regroes for Carthagena. Accordingly We exceeding 200 negroes for Carthagena. Accordingly We
send you the Herbert Galley, On board which you are to put send you the Herbert Galley, On board which you are to put
the said Negrocs with all expedition, she being by Charter the said Negroes with all expedition, she being by Charter
Party to Stay with you but 15 days, and let them be good Party to Stay with you but 15 days, and let them be good
and such as are proper. Our Panama Factory having made and such as are proper. Our Panama Factory having made
great Complaints of those You sent them. great Complaints of those You sent them.
Herewith Herewith