reason to think it will be a means to favour our Market and reason to think it will be a means to favour our Market and
especially seeing the French trade is Suppressd. especially seeing the French trade is Suppress'd.
Oncerning Accounts Concerning Accounts
We observe you have not even from the beginning sent We observe you have not even from the beginning sent
us any Tournal which has disabled us from examining your accoung us any Journal which has disabled us from examining yo.^r accounts
therefore you are not to fail to send it by the first conveyance. therefore you are not to fail to send it by the first conveyance.
Concerning Cedulas Concerning Cedulas
Inclosed you have another Cedula relating to Prize Inclosed you have another Cedula relating to Prize
Negroes, and another General ledula of Indulto, these Eedalas Negroes, and another General Cedula of Indulto, these Cedulas
We sent you in Ours of the 2d Janry last and hope they will neo We sent you in Ours of the 2d Janry last and hope they will have
a good efect. a good effect.
We have Several other ledulas negotiating at Madird We have Several other Cedulas negotiating at Madrid
which when oftained shall transmit such as relate to you which when obtained shall transmit such as relate to you
Concerning the State of the Factory Concerning the State of the Factory
We have taken into Consideration your want of Assitanc We have taken into Consideration your want of Assitanc
and now write to the Cathagena Factory that Mr. Bumpted and and now write to the Cathagena Factory that Mr. Bumpsted and
Mr Blake be removed from thence and addes to your Factory the Mr Blake be removed from thence and addes to your Factory the
first as third to reside at Panama and the Latter as 4th to reside first as third to reside at Panama and the Latter as 4th to reside
at Portobelo. But Mr Bumpsted to releive him at Portobelo at Portobelo. But Mr Bumpsted to releive him at Portobelo
in such manner as shall be agreed in Council at Panama in such manner as shall be agreed in Council at Panama
And have in Our last Letters to Samaiea and the Panama Factory And have in Our last Letters to Samaiea and the Panama Factory
given Orders to Mr Bumgted to proceed to Portobelo on beard the given Orders to Mr Bumpsted to proceed to Portobelo on board the
London, and We now give directions to Mr Blake to Proceed on the London, and We now give directions to Mr Blake to Proceed on the
same ship or other first opportunity to Portobelo same ship or other first opportunity to Portobelo
We have reced Mr Burnet's Petition dated at Portobelo We have reced Mr Burnet's Petition dated at Portobelo
the 25th. January last praying to be allowed the Salary of the 3d. the 25th. January last praying to be allowed the Salary of the 3d.
Factor Factor