said Stoop was taken in the open sear. but you will find she was "said Sloop was taken in the open seas. but you will find she was
at Anchor teading in the Bastimentos & Leagues from Poctobelo & "at Anchor trading in the harbour of Bastimentos & Leagues from Portobelo &
"madi Prize without any resistance. "made Prize without any resistance.
Thewe Autor with the aforesaid account of the Produce of the neg. There Autos with therefore said account of the Produce of the negs.
We shall send you with those be fore mentioned in order to your getting We shall send you with those be fore mentioned in order to your getting
the Scutence declared at Panama in the Company's favour conpend the Sentence declared at Panama in the Company's favour confirmed
and obtaining the Proper Authorities for our receiving the money. and obtaining the Proper Authorities for our receiving the money.
The Difficultie Wiiet with at Carthagena about the Bepailaye The Difficulties We met with at Carthagena about the Bepailaye
and the Duposition the officers here have shewn to distress us in every and the Disposition the officers there have shewn to distress us in every
thing that is not very express & Plain. And We having but little better thing that is not very express & Plain. And We having but little better
treatment from the President of Panama. requires us to be verye treatment from the President of Panama. requires us to be verye
circumspect in every thing that may prevent Imbioile on Our Annuul circumspect in every thing that may prevent Imbioile on Our Annuul
ship designed for those Parts. Therefore We take it to be necessary ship designed for those Parts: Therefore We take it to be necessary
to obtain a Particular Cedule for this ship We are now building to obtain a Particular Cedule for this ship We are now building,
That she may be admitted as the next annual ship, And that it be That she may be admitted as the next annual ship, And that it be
Particularly express'd in the said Cedula that she may go to Particularly express'd in the said Cedula that she may go to
Carthagena & Portobelo bothor either and may sell lear loading Carthagena & Portobelo bothor either and may sell lear loading
in Part or in the whole at both or either of the said Ports according in Past or in the whole at both or either of the said Ports according
to the time limitted by the late convention. And that if she does go to the time limitted by the late convention. And that if she does go
into Carthagena she may depart from thence at pleasure without into Carthagena she may depart from thence at pleasure without
being obliged to unlade any Part of her largoe there. being obliged to unlade any Part of her Cargoe there.
If it be not Practicable to obtain a ledula for this ship in If it be not Practicable to obtain a Cedula for this ship in
Particular before she be built, yet we direct you to use yer Endeav. Particular before she be built, yet we direct you to use yer Endeav.
to getaben. Cedula Explanatory of the last Convention to get a Gen. Cedula Explanatory of the last Convention
declaring that our annual shyp that goes for Peru shell be declaring that our annual ship that goes for Peru shell be
admitted into Carthagina and Portobelo, both or either and to dupon admitted into Carthagina and Portobelo, both or either and to dupon
of her largoe as aforesaid. of her Cargoe as aforesaid
Comminicate this to Mr Uyarde and take his advice & Assistance Comminicate this to Mr Uzardi and take his advice & Assistance
Weare We are
Yor Loving frend Yor Loving frend
The Autos & mentiond in this The Autos & mentiond in this
The Comittee of Correpondene The Comittee of Correpondene
letter were sect by the sd Joseph letter were sect by the sd Joseph
Ja Baleman Ja Baleman
Cap. Mean Alberto as P letter of Cap. Mean Alberto as P letter of
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
6. Augt 1777. 6. Augt 1777.
Jno Bunt Jno Bunt
Jno Pellowes Jno Pellowes