Captn. Instructions & charterparty (of which latter inclosed is abstract Captn. Instructions & charterparty (of which latter inclosed is abstract
and comply therewith so far as is incumbent on you as well in and comply therewith so far as is incumbent on you as well in
unlivering the ship as in Loading & dispatching hee within the unlivering the ship as in Loading & dispatching her within the
limitted time so as we may not incur demorage. limitted time so as we may not incur demorage.
Inclosed is Invoice & Bill of Lading of the Goods Loaded Inclosed is Invoice & Bill of Lading of the Goods Loaded
by ls onthis ship. Youl observe there are in the Invoice Two Sumanie by us on this ship. Youl observe there are in the Invoice Two Sumaries
or Castings up. The first contains the Cargoe more imediately or Castings up. The first contains the Cargoe more imediately
designed for the purchase of the Negroes and the Capt. is ordered designed for the purchase of the Negroes and the Captn. is ordered
to deliver the remainder thereof, if any, and also the Goods to deliver the remainder thereof, if any, and also the Goods
contained in the Second Sumary or easting up to you as necessaries contained in the Second Sumary or casting up to you as necessaries
for yor Selves or Negroes if you shall require the same. for yor Selves or Negroes if you shall require the same.
As We sent you in our last so We likewise send you in this a As We sent you in our last so We likewise send you in this an
Authentick copy of the New convention for your Government. And you Authentick copy of the New convention for your Government. And you
are not to omit to acquaint us with your conduct & Success in this are not to omit to acquaint us with your conduct & Success in this
and all other our Affairs and all other our Affairs
You'l take notice that in the 2d Sumary is contained a You'l take notice that in the 2d Sumary is contained a
parcel of Smuff being the produce of our negroes Sold at the Haven parcel of Snuff being the produce of our negroes Sold at the Havannah
which by the 25th art of our contract. We have power to carry which by the 25th art of our contract. We have power to carry
away and embark freely on the vessels imployed in the Negroe away and embark freely on the vessels imployed in the Negroe
Trade to such Ports as We think fit & sell it there. you are Trade to such Ports as We think fit & sell it there. you are
accordingly to dispose of it to the best advantage. And to prevent any accordingly to dispose of it to the best advantage. And to prevent any
difficulties in relation thereto. We herewith Send you anaffideons difficulties in relation thereto. We herewith Send you an affidavit
made by our Husband before the Lord Mayor of London and atteted made by our Husband before the Lord Mayor of London and attented
and Legalized by Publick notaries and certified by the Spanish Consel and Legalized by Publick notaries and certified by the Spanish Consel
here, that the said Shuff was duly Entred for africa & Dr. Ayres here, that the said Snuff was duly Entred for africa & Bs. Ayres
and accordingly ship'd on board the Europe bound for those parts and accordingly ship'd on board the Europe bound for those parts
and that the same is part of a greater quantity Brought from and that the same is part of a greater quantity Brought from
the Havanah, as the produce of the Company's Negroe. the Havanah, as the produce of the Company's Negroes.
Youl see by the Abstract of this ship's Charter party You'l see by the Abstract of this ship's Charter party
The is obliged to take in 10500. hides, and as many more as with she is obliged to take in 10500. hides, and as many more as with
close Steeving you can conveniently Load, and also such Gold close Steeving you can conveniently Load, and also such Gold
Silver Goods & Effects as you shall send on board, and can well Silver Goods & Effects as you shall send on board, and can well
Be