in our assicnto. For by the same Rule the not complying with their Rebgion in our assiento. For by the same Rule the not complying with their Religion
in other Points may be deemed a Scaudal: However if you cannot reduce in other Points may be deemed a Scandal: However if you cannot reduce
this duty. We hope the Quick Sales youl meet with will prevent any Extra- this duty. We hope the Quick Sales you'l meet with will prevent any Extra=
ordinary charge on that head. ordinary charge on that head.
you advised us that the Lawsint with Mr. Jonchee the French You advised us that the Lawsuit with Mr. Jonchee the French
Agent were Remitted to Madrid last Sept. And that at he s ame time you Agent were Remitted to Madrid last Sept: And that at the same time you
wrofe to Mr Bowles the necessary relating thereto. Mr Dowle inform wrote to Mr Bowles the necessary relating thereto. Mr Bowles informs
ts that the said autos do not appear and that untill they do, nothing caube us that the said autos do not appear and that untill they do, nothing can be
done in it. We have given him directions to enquire whether the Gent. done in it. We have given him directions to enquire whether the Gentn
by whom you say they were sent, barrived, for its Possible they may by whom you say they were sent, be arrived, for it's Possible they may
be conceated. In the mean while you are to make strict enquity whether be concealed. In the mean while you are to make strict enquity whether
they were sent and give ns an account of the Person's name and ship hey they were sent and give us an account of the Person's name and ship they
went by. And incase by any accident they belost or detained. take out went by. And incase by any accident they be lost or detained. take out
others authenticated in due form, and transmit them by the first opportunt others authenticated in due form, and transmit them by the first opportunity
either to ls or Mr Bowles, that no longer time may be lost in Oringing either to us or Mr Bowles, that no longer time may be lost in Bringing
the affair to a Conclution. the affair to a Conclusion.
We should have been glad you had compounded with Sonetee We should have been glad you had compounded with Jonchee
by taking the 100 f pps of India for all the hegroes he has introduced since by taking the 100 $ p ps of India for all the negroes he has introduced since
7d May 1713: But if that be not Practicable since he has appealed. We 1st May 1713: But if that be not Practicable since he has appealed. We
mut abrde the King of Spains determination which We hope will be in must abide the King of Spains determination which We hope will be in
our favour. our favour.
We have lately obtained a Cedula for obliging the Frencli= We have lately obtained a Cedula for obliging the French
Agents to depart out of the Spanish West Indies. but We do not think fit Agents to depart out of the Spanish West Indies. but We do not think fit
to send it till the affair of Imchee is over. to send it till the affair of Jonchee is over.
We shall take into Consideration what you write us We shall take into Consideration what you write us
concerning the King of Spains taking a Quantity of Srn yearly at concerning the King of Spains taking a Quantity of Snuff yearly at
a certain Price and advise you the result. a certain Price and advise you the result.
As to the duty of half a Ryal p Cuntal or Logwood: if it As to the duty of half a Ryal Quintal or Logwood if it
be an Established duty, We must submit to it. However you do well to set be an Established duty. We must submit to it: However you do well to set
H ande of youcan it aside if you can.
The account you mention to have sent us inclosed in your The account you mention to have sent us inclosed in your
lat last