for 1000. Arobas. Cochineal at 115f] and but one Resolution is to for 1000. Arobas. Cochineal at 115$ and but one Resolution as to
Selling Selling
As to the 2d. You: resolved to get the Everisan to survey the damaged As to the 2d. You resolved to get the Escrivan to survey the damaged
No Accoune of damaged Govd Goods, but you do not advise to have done any thing therein, nor do you Goods, but you do not advise to have done any thing therein, nor do you
mention any thing of the Package. mention any thing of the Package.
As to the 3d We donot find any account of Goods or Negroes laid As to the 3d We donot find any account of Goods or Negroes laid
before the Council. before the Council.
As to the 4th We do not find anything relating to the main Cash As to the 4th We do not find anything relating to the main Cash
the state whereof was to be signed and laid before the Council monthly. the state whereof was to be signed and laid before the Council monthly.
as to the 5th Wodonot find any accounts of Receipts or disbursemn as to the 5th We do not find any accounts of Receipts or disbursemnts
or any Particulars of What's bought or old. or any Particulars of What's bought or sold.
As to the 6th Theres no Resolution of the Council for selling the As to the 6th Theres no Resolution of the Council for selling the
hegroes only it appears by a Paper signed by the surgeon that Negroes only it appears by a Paper signed by the surgeon that
there were 74. reced, 50 sold. 1 Dead. and 23. remaining). there were 74. reced, 50 sold. 1 Dead. and 23. remaining).
As to the 7th Against Clandestine Trade. You have taken no mence As to the 7th Against Clandestine Trade. You have taken no manner
of notice. either in the Consultation book or in your Letter to the of notice. either in the Consultation book or in your Letter to the
Company of hawons ship with Negroes. nor of any Goods. which Company of Nixon's ship with Negroes. nor of any Goods. which
We are advised from Jamaica were put on board her and the vessel that We are advised from Jamaica were put on board her and the Vessel that
Piloted the Elizabeth to veralaur; but have concealed them from Piloted the Elizabeth to Vera Cruz; but have concealed them from
the Court. and by the Correspondence between Mr Thorowgood and the Court. and by the Correspondence between Mr Thorowgood and
you it seems to have been concerted at Jamaica, otherwise you would you it seems to have been concerted at Jamaica, otherwise you would
have Seized the negroes as he advised and not consulted the buying have Seized the Negroes as he advised and not consulted the buying
and Mr Thorowgood sayd you had them in your Possession when and Mr Thorowgood sayd you had them in your Possession when
he came away. he came away.
As to he 8t Notwithsfanding We gave such Positive orders As to the 8t Notwithstanding We gave such Positive orders
for selling the Cargoe, either for money. Barter ortrust, in order to for selling the Cargoe, either for money. Barter or trust, in order to
have full returns by the Elizabeth, which was also. Ordered to stay have full returns by the Elizabeth, which was also. Ordered to stay
six Months for the same, and as it appears to us from Mr Thrager six Months for the same, and as it appears to us from Mr Thorowgoods
Letters from Mexico to you that the remaining part of the Cargoe Letters from Mexico to you that the remaining part of the Cargoe
uncold might have been agreed for at 50 Psent upon the Invonce and unsold might have been agreed for at 50 Psent upon the Invonce and
5ps 3 for a Pound Sterl to pay a Mill pr Ex down and the rest 5ps 8/8 for a Pound Sterl to pay a Mill ps 8/8 down and the rest
in a small time after. By which means if you had fully in a small time after. By which means if you had fully
followed followed