it to you to press our Factors at Carthagena to be as expeditious as it to you to press our Factors at Carthagena to be as expeditious as
Posible in dispatching away the Bedfords Cargoe, and hastening away Posible in dispatching away the Bedfords Cargoe, and hastening away
to Jamaica the certificates. And if Mr Bumpsted is still with you let to Jamaica the certificates. And if Mr Bumpsted is still with you let
him take his Passage in the man of War, and assist the Factory in him take his Passage in the man of War, and assist the Factory in
Loading the Goods and Proceed with them to Portobelo to assist that Loading the Goods and Proceed with them to Portobelo to assist that
Factory in the Disposal thereof. Factory in the Disposal thereof.
And to prevent any Imbarassmento which may happen, Whe And to prevent any Imbarassmento which may happen, Whe
earnestly recomend it to the Captn of the man of tae, that he will sox earnestly recomend it to the Captn of the man of war, that he will not
on any account whatsoever carry any Goods to the Spanish Westindg on any account whatsoever carry any Goods to the Spanish West Indies
other than those he shall take in at Carthagena for the Company. And other than those he shall take in at Carthagena for the Company. And
for his Services herein at his return to Jamaica. We desire you will for his Services herein at his return to Jamaica. We desire you will
give him such a Reward as you Judge to be reasonable. The like give him such a Reward as you Judge to be reasonable. The like
Caution you are to give to the Comander of such Sloop, as you shall Caution you are to give to the Comander of such Sloop, as you shall
send with the man of Wai to Carthagena. binding him strictly send with the man of War to Carthagena. binding him strictly
not to do it. on for feiture of all his Freight: and other Penalties, not to do it. on for feiture of all his Freight: and other Penalties,
which you shall Incert. which you shall Incert.
Upon our Sollicitations with respect to the Duties laid on Our Upon our Sollicitations with respect to the Duties laid on Our
Regroes We have obtained an Order of Council grounded upon the report Negroes We have obtained an Order of Council grounded upon the report
of the Lords Comissioners for Trade & Plantations for repeating that of the Lords Comissioners for Trade & Plantations for repeating that
Act, which order of repeal We here inclose, and shall send you a Act, which order of repeal We here inclose, and shall send you a
Duplicate fnext. The Council have also given orders to one of Duplicate P next. The Council have also given orders to one of
His Majestys Principal Secretaries of State for Preparing Instructions His Majestys Principal Secretaries of State for Preparing Instructions
for his Royal Signature to prevent the Lassing any Law for the fute for his Royal Signature to prevent the Passing any Law for the future
that shall lay a Duty on the Reexportation of Negroes that have been that shall lay a Duty on the Re exportation of Negroes that have been
brst into yor Island only for Refreshment and much less on such as brot into yor Island only for Refreshment and much less on such as
touch there without Landing of which last ment Order you have also hereio touch there without Landing of which last mentd Order you have also hereio
917 Copy
917
If the man of War & Sloop, and such other Imbarcations as If the man of War & Sloop, and such other Imbarcations as
can be met with at Carthagena shall not be able to take in all the can be met with at Carthagena shall not be able to take in all the
Goods at Carthagena in such lase the Factors at Carthagena are to Goods at Carthagena in such Case the Factors at Carthagena are to
return the Sloop directly to Jamaica with the Cectificates for return the Sloop directly to Jamaica with the Certificates for
Introducing the 744 Puns at Portobelo, and the man of War Introducing the 74 1/4 Tuns at Portobelo, and the man of War
is to proceed according to the Admiralty orders to Portobelo with wch is to proceed according to the Admiralty orders to Portobelo with wch
The The