Rules Orders & Dispositions ought to be contributed to His Cath Ma Rules Orders & Dispositions ought to be contributed to His Cath Maj:^ty
Royal Revenue the Condition of which exemption is the King of Spain Royal Revenue the Condition of which exemption is the King of Spain
10 p Cent on the Profits of the largoe by that ship, and as to our annualtige 10 p Cent on the Profits of the Cargoe by that ship, and as to our annual ships 
their respective Cargoes are to be free from all duties in the Indies by the their respective Cargoes are to be free from all duties in the Indies by the
42 art. of the assiento. 42 art. of the assiento.
And as to the Produce of our Negroes that is to be free from And as to the Produce of our Negroes that is to be free from
dutices as pf the 10th Art. duties as pf the 10th Art.
Concerning Accounts Concerning Accounts
We have reced copies of the Cash Book balanced to the last We have reced copies of the Cash Book balanced to the last
December and from thence to April which we shall examine with December and from thence to1 April which we shall examine with
such Vouchers as you have sent and when finished advise you such Vouchers as you have sent and when finished advise you
Conceining the State of the Factory Concerning the State of the Factory
We note the Expences of your Table &t for which you 1 We note the Expences of your Table &c for which you
refer us to your Leidger and shall take the same into Consideration refer us to your Ledger and shall take the same into Consideration
we have reced your Doctors account of Medicines wanted f yours of we have reced your Doctors account of Medicines wanted f yours of
10th March last and shall send them first Convenience 10th March last and shall send them first Convenience
Wenote the Arival of Mr. Burnet at Portobels, and D. Wenote the Arival of Mr. Burnet at Portobelo, and Dr
Douglass at Panama, And your having hired the Negrory at the Douglass at Panama, And your having hired the Negrory at the
former at 800 f Cann. That you have taken a new house at Panane former at 800 $ P ann. That you have taken a new house at Panama
at $1200. pannrs having quited the old one and that you have let at $1200. pann having quited the old one and that you have let
part at 210 ff and would let the rest as Pennt. offered part at 216$ ff and would let the rent as Tennts offered
We approve your Intention for the future of keeping an 3 We approve your Intention for the future of keeping an
Account of the Charger of the Fadtory stated a part. Account of the Charges of the Factory stated a part.
As to the touchers for paying any part of your Salarices here the refery a 4 As to the vouchers for paying any part of your Salaries here were for you  
to the Directions in Ours of the 22d Febry last to the Directions in Ours of the 22th febrry  last
We have taken into Consideration your Diligence in Our service and foran 5 We have taken into Consideration your Diligence in Our service and for an
encouragement to cxert your selves in promoting Our Interest, have appointed encouragement to excert your selves in promoting Our Interest, have appointed
Mr Gilbert Grimes to be Presidt or cheif at a Salery of Mr Gilbert Grimes to be Presidt or cheif at a Salary of                                $ 5000 p ann
Mr. H. Newland Second at Mr. H. Newland Second          $ 2500
Mr Jno Parsons. Third at Mr Jno Parsons. Third at            1666 2/3
Mr 1250 Weltden. Fourth at Mr Weltden Fourth at                    1250
during during