it has been transmitted to the Court of Modn'd, by which according to it has been transmitted to the Court of madrid, by which according to
the Spanish Rule her Tunage amounts to 630 3 Tuns and are Solicitins the Spanish Rule her Tunage amounts to 630 3 Tuns and are Soliciting
aledula for her admitsion in the Spanish West Indies without Subjectie a Cedula for her admission in the Spanish West Indies without Subjecting
either her or her cargoe to be measured there. This Weded to Prevent Our either her or her cargoe to be measured there. This [Weded] to Prevent Our
being embarass'd again on that head, and hope it will effectually. being embarass'd again on that head, and hope it will effectually.
answer our Expectations. answer our Expectations.
We have obtained aledula for Liberty for our annual ship We have obtained a Cedula for Liberty for our annual ship
and Cardoe going from Carthagena to Portobelo, and trading as and Cargoe going from Carthagena to Portobelo, and trading as
practiced by the Galleons of which ledula We send you copy inclosed practiced by the Galleons of which Cedula We send you copy inclosed
for your Government. "The Original He shall send by the annual for your Government. The Original We shall send by the annual
ship as also an Authentick certificate of her Measurement, which may ship as also an Authentick certificate of her Measurement, which may
be produced if occasion be, she will begin to take in Goods directly, be produced if occasion be, she will begin to take in Goods directly,
and depart hence by the Middle of July. and depart hence by the Middle of July.
We shall defer writing you more fully on this affair till Wedo We shall defer writing you more fully on this affair till We'do
it by the Annual ship. In the Interm We must again repeat our it by the Annual ship. In the Interim We must again repeat our
directions that you make all possible dispatch in the Sale of the Bedford, directions that you make all possible dispatch in the Sale of the Bedford,
Goods that the Warehouses may be clear on the arrival of this ship Goods that the Warehouses may be clear on the arrival of this ship
Aud if the Galleons don't come this year, which We are assured they Aud if the Galleons don't come this year, which We are assured they
will not, It will be a great means to favour you not only in the Prices will not, It will be a great means to favour you not only in the Prices
but in the Quickness of the Sales: but in the Quickness of the Sales:
We hope Weshall also find the good Efects from the We hope We shall also find the good Effects from the
Suppressing the French Trade in the Southseas, All advices Suppressing the French Trade in the Southseas, All advices
agreeing that Goods are risen very considerably upon it. agreeing that Goods are risen very considerably upon it.
This Leads hs to acquaint you that We have recid adiries This Leads us to acquaint you that We have reci'd advsies
from Our Lanama Factory confimed from other Places that Mon from Our Panama Factory confimed from other Places that Mons
Mastinet with the Sd Men of War under His Comand had taken Martinet with the S: Men of War under His Comand had taken
6 Sail of French ships & 1 Brigantine on the loast of Chile 6 Sail of French ships & 1 Brigantine on the Coast of Chile
and brot them into Callajo, their Cargoes being computed to be worth and bro.^t them into Callajo, their Cargoes being computed to be worth
526 Mill p 2 To that now they are clear of the French, Anther 5 a 6 Mill.^s[pi 2] So that now they are clear of the French, Another
Frenchship of War of 54 Gurs laden with Goods had been driven up Frenchship of War of 54 Guns laden with Goods had been driven up
the the