As to our annual ship designed this year for your Parts Me shall not As to our annual ship designed this year for your Parts We shall not
venture to send her tiee We ree a happyissie to the Publick afairs, which We shall venture to send her till We are a happy issue to the Publick affairs, which We shall
be veryglad to be able to advine you of in a Littee time. And that it will produce be very glad to be able to advise you of in a Litte time. And that it will produce
so good an understanding between the 2 Nations that our affairs will be on a so good an understanding between the 2 Nations that our affairs will be on a
better foot and rendred more currt. In the mean time We think it advisable, better foot and rendred more currt. In the mean time We think it advisable,
that you do not write for any more negroes that you do not write for any more negroes
We recomed it to you to concal these advices, and not to dioulge We recomed it to you to conceal these advices, and not to divulge
them to any Persons, whatsever the efecting these Our Order depending them to any Persons, whatsever the effecting these Our Orders depending
upon it. upon it.
You are to requaint Dr. Douglass that Mr Elias Turner You are to requaint Dn. Douglass that Mr Elias Turner
has laid before the Comittee of Accounts a Letter of attorney to receive his has laid before the Comittee of Accounts a Letter of attorney to receive his
salary and alledges that these is due to him on the Doctor's bond £125 &
Interest. But there not appearing any appointment of the said Dowglass Interest. But there not appearing any appointment of the said Douglass
pursuant to the orders of Court in that behalf. You are to inform him pursuant to the orders of Court in that behalf. You are to inform him
thereof that he may make the Proper appointment sufficient to pay the thereof that he may make the Proper appointment sufficient to pay the
said Bond & Interest and that the same may be deducted out of his said Bond & Interest and that the same may be deducted out of his
Salary. Salary.
Weare We are
Yod Lovnis Frends Yor Loving Friends
The Comitte of Comspondere The Comitte of Correspondence
Ja Bateman TubGor J. Bateman SubGovr
John Lambert John Lambert
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Robert Chester Robert Chester
Pegen Inlanrd Papers Inclosd
Copy of the last Letter dat. O0l April 1718. Copy of the last Letter dat: 30^th April 1718.
2 London Gazettes relating to the Syrate 2 London Gazettes relating to the Pyrates
To Mr Richard Farril & Mc Wargent Nichaon To Mr Richard Farril & Mr Wargent Nicholson
Factors to the Royal British Assients Company at the Factors to the Royal British Assiento Company at the
Havana Havana
outh Sea house South Sea house
30th July 178 30th July 1718
Dent Gentn
Our last was the 5 & 19h June four canary ship Our last was the 5th & 19th June P our canary ship
the