12 head Concerning Miscellanies 12 head Concerning Miscellanies
1. We have ordered the Captn. of the Herbert Galley to buy at 1st. We have ordered the Captn. of the Herbert Galley to buy at
the Maderas 30 pipes of Wine to be delivered to you whereof the Maderas 30 pipes of Wine to be delivered to you whereof
10 To be w Present either to the Governour or Royal Officers 10 To be a Present either to the Governour or Royal Officers
or such others at You think may by their good Office to the or such others at You think may by their good Office to the
Company Merit the same, The other 20 are for Yor Own Company Merit the same, The other 20 are for Yor Own
use, for which you are to pay the Captn only the first cost use, for which you are to pay the Captn. only the first cost
out of your own money and to Debit Our account for the out of your own money and to Debit Our account for the
other 10 paying the Captn also the first cost other 10 paying the Captn also the first cost
2d The Two bills of Sale, and Letters of attorney for g6. 2d The Two bills of Sale, and Letters of attorney for 96
Dollars each you took of the Two Seamen t of the Bedford, for Dollars each you took of the Two Seamen of the Bedford, for
some Goods of ours, which they Htole arecome to hand, and one of them some Goods of ours, which they stole are come to hand, and one of them
fully reced the other being indumbred. We shall recover but fully rece^ds the other being innumbred. We shall recover but
₤10.11.11 or thereabouts, You should have acquainted us with ₤10.11.11 or thereabouts, You should have acquainted us with
the value of the things Stolen, and hope youl get the Remainder of the value of the things Stolen, and hope you'l get the Remainder of
the accomplice at Carthagena whom Yousay Youare Pnseuting the accomplice at Carthagena whom You say You are Prosecuting
As to the 2 pt of Brocades taken Out of the lase N 34 & As to the 2 ps of Brocades taken Out of the case No 84 &
174 concerning which you Spake to Capt. Liel Wecanget 174 concerning which you Spake to Capt. Liel We can get
no Account of them here, so hope youl beable to give b some no Account of them here, so hope you'l beable to give us some
satisfaction about them We are satisfaction about them We are
Jor Lovng Friends Yor Lovng Friends
The Court of Directors of The Court of Directors of
the South Sea Comgany the South Sea Company
San Reshanrd De San Shepherd Depty
R. Storsey Rd. Horsey
H Raymond H Raymond
C Gibbon E Gibbon
Ambrose Page Ambrose Page
Wmattell Wmattell
Wm Chapman W^m Chapman
Dr. Dela Porte Dr. Dela Porte
Robert Cheiter Robert Chester
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Jacob Jacobsen Jacob Jacobsen
Jno Fellowes Jno Fellowes
Henry Durley Henry Durley
Barles Joye Charles Joye
Wm. Hamond Wm. Hamond
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
Richd Houlditch Richd Houlditch
George Caswall George Caswall
The Traory Antwer this latter The Factory Answer this letter
in theirs of the 8 Spt. 1717 in theirs of the 8th Sept. 1717