not to divilge them to any Person whatsoever. The effecting these Our not to divulge them to any Person whatsoever. The effecting these Our
orders depending very much upon it. orders depending very much upon it.
Weare We are
Yor adring Friends Yo.^r Loving Friends
The Comitte of conesoned The Comittee of correspond
Ja Bateman Sublo Ja Bateman SubGov.^r
John Lambert John Lambert
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Robert Chester Robert Chester
Sent in foregoing Lie vizt Sent in foregoing Lie viz.
Copy of last dated 30th April 1713 Copy of last dated 30^th April 1713
Gazette alating to the Pyrates Gazette alating to the Pyrates
own Rec of this Lett own Rec.^t of this Lett.^r
in the Factorys of the 2 April 1719 in the Factorys of the 2.^d April 1719
To Mr. Gilbert Grimes and the rest of the 
Factors to the Royal British assiento 
company at Panama & Portobelo.
South Sea house
Gentn
30th July 1718
Our last was the 30th april P the swallowfield Captn
Pitt via Jamaica copy inclosed, Since which have reced yours of the 14th
march underwrit by Mr Burnet at Portobelo the 20th. of the said month 
and another Letter from Mr Burnet of the 16th april 4
We hope ire this our ship London is arrived with you with
the Bedfords Goods from Carthagena, and that before this reaches your the Bedfords Goods from Carthagena, and that before this reaches your
hands you will have dispatched her pursuant to Our Orders, with very Amgle hands you will have dispatched her pursuant to Our Orders, with very Ample
return. Your last letter adorsing tw. You had then by you in Cash 16200 off returns your last letter advising us you had then by you in Cash 16200 [f]
This comes to acquaint you that teare under great Apprehensions This comes to acquaint you that we are under great Apprehensions
of a ttar with Spain, which if it should happen will be in a few Weeks, of a War with Spain, which if it should happen will be in a few Weeks,
therwise We may expect a Settee Peace. Our agent at madred has otherwise We may expect a Setled Peace. Our agent at madrid has
acquainted us for our Government in a Letter of 27 June that 2 Avisor acquainted us for our Government in a Letter of 27 June that 2 Avisos
were ordered away in great hart from ladi One for vera laug and were ordered away in great hast from Cadiz One for vera Cruz and
the the