he says were Really such and that he signed them, But you having trans he says were Really such and that he signed them, But you having trans
-mitted none of them nor any copy of them, tho in your said Letter you load -mitted none of them nor any copy of them, tho in your said Letter, you load
tim with severalsums of money, whereby you represent him to be consider. him with several sums of money, whereby you represent him to be consider.
ably in ourdes. ably in our debt.
For all which and several other Reasons. We are greatly For all which and several other Reasons. We are greatly
suspecting that you are Entred into some Combination together wherefore suspecting that you are Entred into some Combination together wherefore
We do hereby give directions to Mr Reade your President and to Capty We do hereby give directions to Mr Reade your President and to Captn
Raymond to examine strictly into all these affairs, and if any one be Raymond to examine strictly into all these affairs, and if any one be
found to be Fardy that you return to us by the Royal Prince such found to be Tardy that you return to us by the Royal Prince such
one as is most faulty in order to clear himself if he can. And that one as is most faulty in order to clear himself if he can. And that
in such case Mr Hoskins do remain and take the Fifth place in in such case Mr Hoskins do remain and take the Fifth place in
Council Council
And We do again repeat that you use your utmost endeavours And We do again repeat that you use your utmost endeavours
in the duposal of this Cargoe. so as you do it in such a Manner as to in the disposal of this Cargoes. so as you do it in such a Manner as to
make full returns for this arwell as of any that may remain of make full returns for this as well as of any that may remain of
the Elizebeth. In money Cochineal or Indico. And as to Sallop the the Elizabeth. In money Cochineal or Indico. And as to Sallop We
Leave it to you to consider whether the Price at which you can Leave it to you to consider whether the Price at which you can
purchase it will answer it being here about 4 Ple out of which purchase it will answer it being here about 4 th out of which
is to be drducted for Cuitom & Petty Charges 16 Pto, and in Case it is to be deducted for Custom & Petty Charges 16 &cth, and in Case it
will answer. We leave it to your Prudence to purchase such a Quartity will answer. We leave it to your Prudence to purchase such a Quantity
as you think will turn to Account, not excading the Quantity sent by as you think will turn to Account, not exceeding the Quantity sent by
the Elizabth according to the Sample, and Instructions Mr. Hoshins the Elizabth according to the Sample, and Instructions Mr. Hoskins
trings with him and send by the Royal Prince, excuially Brings with him and send by the Royal Prince, especially
because the Oyrates are so Rife in the Weit Indies that We because the Pyrates are so Rife in the West Indies that We
cannot with any Safety have any part of what ie left bekind cannot with any Safety have any part of what is left behind
sent in Small Embarkations to Famaua is We might have done sent in Small Embarkations to Jamaica as We might have done
at other times. We having already lost in one ship $ 25000. and at other times. We having already lost in one ship $ 25000. and
had another ship of negroe rifed of part of her Cargoe. had another ship of Negroes rifled of part of her Cargoe.
We repeat the orders We gave you in Ours of the 8d. Febry n We repeat the orders We gave you in Ours of the 8th. Febry 1716
relating to sending Mr Showsaood Account Cur. as perfect as w relating to sending Mr Thorowgood's Account Curt. as perfect as is
Possible; and let it be particularly exumined by Mr Reade & Capt Possible; and let it be particularly examined by Mr Reade & Captn
(Raymond, and shew him all the Roper Vouchers recating Raymond, and shew him all the Proper Vouchers relating
thereso thereto