50
Dec. 5t Jany 7th Febry & 5t March with the Letters Papers& Decr 5th Janry 7th Febry & 5t March with the Letters Papers &
accounts mentioned in them and also yor of the 7t April ff the Heroin accounts mentioned in them and also yor of the 7th April of the Heroin
and the Papers and accounts which you mention to have bent of the the Papers and accounts which you mention to have sent of the
Solbay) are not as yet come to hand, she being got no further than Solbay are not as yet come to hand, she being got no further than
Portmouth nor the Duplicate from Portobelo which you sent of the Portmouth, nor the Duplicate from Portobelo which you sent of the
Nor the Dupl from L Setto Brown Galley that ship not being yet arrived, As to your own Account  Brown Galley that ship not being yet arrived, As to your own Accounts
We shall exapiine and advice you how We find them, and at pusent shall We shall examine and advice you how We find them, and at present shall
defer answering your Letters very particularly. We being taken up in defer answering your Letters very particularly. We being taken up in
dispatching Our ship the Royal Prince for veralnuin. dispatching Our ship the Royal Prince for veraCruz.
you have done well in advising Our carth Factory of the you have done well in advising Our cartha Factory of the
Loss of the boe of Letter & t which you put onboard the Whichah Loss of the box of Letters sent.  which you put onboard the Whidah
Capt. Prince, that they may supply such of them as are necessary Captn Prince, that they may supply such of them as are necessary
We have reced the Bills of Lading and Invoicer of the 3 Bay We have reced the Bills of Lading and Invoices of the 8 Bars
of Gold and 875 Pistole which you reced. from Carthagence amounting of Gold and 875, Pistols which you reced. from Carthagena amounting
to 10015 P 42 and also of the 1staces coyned Gold & Silver from Portobels to 10015  $4 1/2. and also of the 15 boxes coyned Gold & Silver from Portobelo
amd to $15000 both Parcels shipd on the Solebay) mad of War We am.o to $75000. both Parcels shipd on the Solebay man of War We
have also reced Bills of Lading for 30 Tuns of Fustick and 3 Striels have also reced Bills of Lading for 30 Tuns of Fustick and 3 Sticks
of Logwood shipd on the Pearl Galley Capt. Fyard and of y Tumy of of Logwood shipd on the Pearl Galley Captn Tizard and of 8 Tuns of
Logwood on the John Galley Captn Dunchley, But thereif no Bill of Logwood on the John Galley Captn Dunchley, But there's no Bill of
Lading yet come to hand for 11:2- You write ts you had shipd Lading yet come to hand for 11[T]:2[o] You write us you had ship'd
on the catherine Captn Heartsease, neither have any of these ships on the catherine Captn Heartsease, neither have any of these ships
delivered us their respective consignments. delivered us their respective consignments.
We note what our Sactors at Cuba write you concerning their We note what our Factors at Cuba write you concerning the
great advantage they propose to the Company in Setting negroes in great advantage they propose to the Company in Setting negroes in
borke for Sugars which they advice to be very good & chiap, and in order barter for Sugars which they advice to be very good & cheap, and in order
therto recomend you to aend them askip of 200. Tun to be loaded with thay therto recomend you to send them a ship of 200. Tun to be loaded with that
Comodity for adie where the same would tim to good Account, if noy Comodity for cadiz where the same would turn to good amount, it not
being Liable to pay any Indulte or duty as the Spaniards do the being Liable to pay any Indulto or duty as the Spaniards do. We
should have been glad you had given ts your Opinion of such an should have been glad you had given ts your Opinion of such an
Adventure; However We shall write you fully about it ffournet Adventure; However We shall write you fully about it of our next.
We take notice how Rife the Purates are in the West Ind, We take notice how Rife the Pyrates are in the West Inds
and that We have lost 25506 P shipd on the Diagon and 28 Regroe and that We have lost 25506 $ shipd on the Dragon and 28 Negroes
Proerion Provisions