new Instructions & Powers he from time to time may have in relation new Instructions & Powers he from time to time may have in relation
to us which We know will be difficult to obtain, But as We are willing to be to us which We know will be difficult to obtain, But as We are willing to be
at the lost of them. We hope you will find means to obtain without Loss at the lost of them. We hope you will find means to obtain without Loss
of much time, and when obtained transmit them to Our Sub Gooernoue, of much time, and when obtained transmit them to Our Sub Gooernoue,
for the better keeping them a Secret, which we judge to be most necessary for the better keeping them a Secret, which we judge to be most necessary
as well as it is for us to have them for our Government. as well as it is for us to have them for our Government.
In the second Place That you do use alls Cossible means to In the second Place That you do use alls Cossible means to
obtain the King's Cedula for measuring Our new Ship and not the obtain the King's Cedula for measuring Our new Ship and not the
Goods by Sr William or any other Person His Majesty) shall appoint Goods by Sr William or any other Person His Majesty) shall appoint
here That the may be established one of the Annual ships for the first here That the may be established one of the Annual ships for the first
Ten years and be admitted as such with whatever goods she may bring Ten years and be admitted as such with whatever goods she may bring
with her into the West Indies, and not be Subject to any impection nty, with her into the West Indies, and not be Subject to any impection nty,
or Seizure from any Governours or officers or any Persons whatsoever or Seizure from any Governours or officers or any Persons whatsoever
in the Spanish Dominions, which will be a great ease Satisfaction in the Spanish Dominions, which will be a great ease Satisfaction
and Security to us. and for obtaining of which we give youleave to and Security to us. and for obtaining of which we give youleave to
place a reasonable recompence or reward in a Proper hand or hands place a reasonable recompence or reward in a Proper hand or hands
as can procure it for us. so it be effectually done. And since We cannot as can procure it for us. so it be effectually done. And since We cannot
make any ill use of it. but that its tending to the advantage of make any ill use of it. but that its tending to the advantage of
His CM: as well as the Company, That We be undisturbed in this His CM: as well as the Company, That We be undisturbed in this
Prefick of the annual ship. We hope you will not find dificulty Prefick of the annual ship. We hope you will not find dificulty
to meet with a Person of Power sufficient to compass this, it not to meet with a Person of Power sufficient to compass this, it not
being without a Precedent. His Majesty) having done the same in the being without a Precedent. His Majesty) having done the same in the
case of our Royal Prince for veraliuz with this difference only case of our Royal Prince for veraliuz with this difference only
that her measurement was to be done by the admiral, and in his absence that her measurement was to be done by the admiral, and in his absence
by the Vice Admiral of the Plote in the West Indics and this is to be fformed by the Vice Admiral of the Plote in the West Indics and this is to be fformed
by Sr William His Directors whom the King shall please to hominate by Sr William His Directors whom the King shall please to hominate
here. But if after all you cannot Prevait with that Court to change their here. But if after all you cannot Prevait with that Court to change their
punds and that they do insust that measurable Goods shall be meatured punds and that they do insust that measurable Goods shall be meatured
by the rule of 1663. Palm. and the weighable gods shall be weighed by by the rule of 1663. Palm. and the weighable gods shall be weighed by
20 English Hentals to the tun and Proced under Certificate thereof 20 English Hentals to the tun and Proced under Certificate thereof
That you then take lare that the same be effectual & final. That our That you then take lare that the same be effectual & final. That our
Goods benot Liable to any Embarassment ordisturbance from any Goods benot Liable to any Embarassment ordisturbance from any
thing thing