Mr. Wm Paril Mr. Wm Farril
South Sea house South Sea house
London 30 April 1718. London 30th April 1718.
Our last was the 26th February) copy inclosed, since wth Our last was the 26th February copy inclosed, since wch
have none from you only a Duplicate of one of your former without have none from you only a Duplicate of one of your former without
date. date.
We advited you that for your assistance We had chasen We advised you that for your assistance We had chosen
Mr Wargent Nicholson who is anable Accountant at 1200 P pan Mr Wargent Nicholson who is an able accountant at 1200 $ P Annm
and Mr John Garrard a youth for a Writer at 200f pann the latter and Mr. John Garrard a youth for a Writer at 200 $ p ann the latter
went with Mr Woodbridge for Barbadoes, and will come to you by went with Mr Woodbridge for Barbadoes, and will come to you by
the first ship or stoop from thence with negroes. The other We sent the first ship or sloop from thence with negroes. The other We send
by our canary ship which departs hence in a month or Six weeks by our canary ship which departs hence in a month or Six weeks
to examine the Wines & Brandies, she is to Lade there, that they be to examine the Wines & Brandies, she is to Lade there, that they be
Merchantable and according to contract. She will call at your Port Merchantable and according to contract. She will call at your Port
first and deliver you what part of her Lading you shall require. first and deliver you what part of her Lading you shall require.
Weare will sleased you have the prospect of selling 1000 regur We are well Pleased you have the prospect of selling 1000 negroes
yearly which We requaint Mr Woodbridge with, that he may supply yearly which We acquaint Mr Woodbridge with, that he may supply
You accordingly. And if the Spaniands will then go upon making sugar You accordingly: And if the Spaniards will then go upon making sugar
and sell them, so as We shall be able to resell them at Cadiz with and sell them, so as We shall be able to resell them at Cadiz with
any advantage We may purchase them or receive them in payment for any advantage We may purchase them or receive them in payment for
Regroes. Provided they have them to shew you and deliver at the time negroes. Provided they have them to show you and deliver at the time
they take their Negroes. For to trust the Planters and depend upon they take their Negroes. For to trust the Planters and depend upon
their Sugars at the next Crop may not be so adviseable Since Sugars their Sugars at the next Crop may not be so adviseable Since Sugars
differ in goodness, and by this way Woare more liable to bad debts. differ in goodness, and by this way We are more liable to bad debts.
Should it so happen that the Prrates are not come in but Should it so happen that the Pirates are not come in but
continue to Infest your Seas. To as they be still dangerous, and our continue to Infest your Seas. So as they be still dangerous, and our
ship London should not have been able to prevail with the man of ship London should not have been able to prevail with the man of
Was to convoy her thro the Gulph, and for that reason not call on Was to convoy her thro the Gulph, and for that reason not call on
you for our Effects and money in your hands. Thes We order you you for our Effects and money in your hands. Then We order you
to lay hold of the first Spanish Man of War bound from your Port to lay hold of the first Spanish Man of War bound from your Port
to ladiz, and should she refuse to receive it on reasonable freight to Cadiz, and should she refuse to receive it on reasonable freight
then to ship our Moneys in the best of the ship that sail under her then to ship our Moneys in the best of the ships that sail under her
Convoy Convoy