occasion may require and take Particular care of the Sick. occasion may require and take Particular care of the Sick.
Keepa Tournal of his practice and Prescriptions. coprie, where of are Keep a journal of his practice and Prescriptions. copies, where of are
from time to time to be transmitted to the Company. from time to time to be transmitted to the Company.
And that he lay before the council a Weekly or Monthly Account as And that he lay before the council a Weekly or Monthly Account as
they shall direct of the State & Condition of the negroes, and how they shall direct of the State & Condition of the negroes, and how
many have dted in the same time, and of what dittempce, and that he many have died in the same time, and of what distemper, and that he
allo Assist in Copying Letters and Duplicating Books also Assist in Copying Letters and Duplicating Books
A0 We have hereby afsigned to each of you a Catiale Tho We have hereby assigned to each of you a particular
branch of duty; yet we expect: and do hereby enjoin. That in case branch of duty; yet we expect: and do hereby enjoy. That in case
of absence or Sickness of any of the Factory such of you as the of absence or Sickness of any of the Factory such of you as the
Council shall from time direct shall supply their respective places Council shall from time direct shall supply their respective places
and that in all Places, and that in all cases of need you be aiding and and that in all Places, and that in all cases of need you be aiding and
assisting to each other. That so the Company's affairs may meet with assisting to each other. That so the Company's affairs may meet with
no delay or suffer thro myneglect. The Interest of the Company no delay or suffer thro' my neglect. The Interest of the Company
and your own advantage depending very much upon the Dupatch and your own advantage depending very much upon the Dispatch
of Our business, and the keeping Tust and regular accounts of your of Our business, and the keeping Just and regular accounts of your
roceedings. Proceedings.
(The Mainlash of the Company is to be kept in a Room The Main Cash of the Company is to be kept in a Room
made strong for that purpose under three Locks. the Keys whereof made strong for that purpose under three Locks. the Keys whereof
to be kept by the first three of the Council: the said Cash to be to be kept by the first three of the Council: the said Cash to be
Adjusted, and the state thereof signed by the Council monthly at futher Adjusted, and the state thereof signed by the Council monthly at furthest
You are to Agree in Council what will be proper from time to You are to Agree in Council what will be proper from time to
time to be left in the President's hands as an Out Cack and in the hands time to be left in the President's hands as an Out Cash and in the hands
of such as he shall appoint as a fore said as a Petty cast. of such as he shall appoint as a fore said as a Petty cash.
You are not to fail to take care that such accounts be kept and You are not to fail to take care that such accounts be kept and
copies transmitted us as is before directed. copies transmitted us as is before directed.
As to the Negrow We are desircous that they besold for ready money As to the Negroes. We are desireous that they be sold for ready money
Andihereas Weunderstand the French sometimes sold their Negroe And whereas We understand the French sometimes sold their Negroes
for Onethird Present money). One third at Three months and one for One third Present money. One third at Three months and one
third at Three months after and took Security from the Inhabitants third at Three months after and took Security from the Inhabitants