to England provided it could: be got at a low price: but notwithtand. to England provided it could: be got at a low price: but notwithtand.
:ing that is knowe here. yet the Price is but £13. Ptun, and therefore :ing that is known here. yet the Price is but £13. Ptun, and therefore
requlate your selves accordingly. either in Selting at Jamaica what requlate your selves accordingly. either in Selling at Jamaica what
you receiveor in sending it home to us as you find it most for you receive or in sending it home to us as you find it most for
our advantage. our advantage.
By Yours as well as the Carthagena Factory's Letter Weale By Yours as well as the Carthagena Factory's Letter We are
advised the Bedford's Cargoe is entirely released. having measured the advised the Bedford's Cargoe is entirely released. having measured the
Cargoe according to the Eedule at 525 Juny, and that they had made Cargoe according to the cedula at 525 Juny, and that they had made
some Progress in the Sales. But they don't advise us whether they some Progress in the Sales. But they don't advise us whether they
have got leave to send any part to Portobelo, which we were in have got leave to send any part to Portobelo, which we were in
Codula to seid port to porco late hopes they had done: and We are Soliciting a ledr for that hopes they had done: and We are Soliciting a Ceda for that
purpose. purpose.
We note their having sent you & the Royal Africa Capt. He note their having sent you P the Royal Africa Capt.
Poott 582 Tun Tustick and that you have agreed with the Capt Foott 581/2 Tun Fustick and that you have agreed with the Capt
to bring it to ls at the Cure? freight it not rendring any account wth. to bring it to ls at the Currt freight it not rendring any account wth.
you. We would have you write to Our Foual Factory's to send you. We would have you write to Our Several Factory's to send
no more of that comodity, it being not worth the Freight and no more of that comodity, it being not worth the Freight and
cartom cartoon
We note your having paid Captn Dunckley his halffi We note your having paid Captn Dunckley his halffi
and Comission. the later being 729 p: the Acct is not yet come to and Comission. the later being 729 p: the Acct is not yet come to
hand, but suppose it to be among the other Papers and accounts hand, but suppose it to be among the other Papers and accounts
on board the Solbay on board the Solbay
Thi come by the Dorothy Capt. Joseph Liel, in whom Thi comes by the Dorothy Capt. Joseph Liel, on whom
We have shipd 12 Cacks Pease 16 Cashs Flower 6 Carks Barley We have shipd 12 Casks Pease ,16 Casks Flower, 6 Casks Barley
4 Casks Beany 60 Bundles Stockfish & 28 Easks tread as p the 4 Casks Beans, 60 Bundles Stockfish & 28 casks bread as of the
Inclosed Bill of Lading & Invoice consigned to captn Baynham Inclosed Bill of Lading & Invoice consigned to captn Baynham
be fut on board the Q. Criuce, Raymond Com:. of Our ship the Royal Prince. and in his absence be put on board Our ship the Royal Prince. and in his absence
to your selves. to your selves.
Upon her Arrival Youare to ship all the said Provisions Upon her Arrival You are to ship all the said Provisions
on board the Royal Prince, and furnish her with a good and on board the Royal Prince, and furnish her with a good and
able Pilot to carry her to Lavera lruz agreeing the able Pilot to carry her to La vera Cruz agreeing the
True True