Mangmraentation. And the billorts dothis asit is porotalle yon toh no Cory t Misrepresentation. And the better do this as it is probable you look no Copy of
that part of Our letter or of the Patscript) We sanid you Cory Inclosed, Andth that part of Our letter or of the Postscript) We said you Copy Inclosed, And here
State the Matter as it really was State the Matter as it really was
April Se the Letter direted the Corthagena Factory upon the April See the Letter directed the Carthagena Factory upon the
Thyrs Arival there to take Out such Port of the Corgr as was propers for the ships arrival there to take Out such Port of the Cargo as was proper for the
place and no more, Consigning the Rest to the Panama Fectory place and no more, Consigning the Rest to the Panama Factory,
And the purtscrypt ran thus. That not withstanding what And the postscript ran thus. That not withstanding what
was before Oirected, if upon Arrival at fatthagina the Galliones were- was before directed, of upon Arrival at Carthagena Factory if they found it 
gone to Corto Klo. We left it to the farthagena Factory if they found it gone to Porto Velo. We left it to the Discretion of the Carthagena Factory if they found it
Necessary to Dispatch away the ship immediately for Ports belo within Necessary, to Dispatch away the ship immediately for Porto belo without
Maying to take but any part of the Cargo staying to take out any part of the Cargo.
Thee were the Wonds of Oun Letter and Lotsoript And the These were the Words of Our Letters and postscript And we
are still of Opinion they are Reasonable and Consistent And now as to you are still of Opinion they are Reasonable and Consistent And now as to you
Own Annadersion, where sperking of the Parsent You tll te Hates Own , anmiadversion where speaking of the postscript You tell us, [te Hates?]
That notwithstanding the Directions in the Letter for the Shin to procd That notwithstanding the Directions in the Letter for the Ship to proceed
dirctly for Prt biles Which last Wonds (or the Ship to priced bgetly directly for Porto belos Which last Words (for the Ship to proceed directly
for Lorto belo] are an Odition of Your Orn, Andgive a loring sturn to the for Porto belo] are an addition of Your [Orn?], And give a wrong turn to the
Sence of our Letter which gave a Liberty to take out part of the Cary Since of our Letter which gave a Liberty to take out part of the Cargo
at Cartlagua And Concquently ardnot Cartyon maket say oer the at Carthagena And Consequently did not [Cartyon?] make it say order the
Shy to peroced Diretly for Lote hlo- Ship to proceed Directly for Porto Velo.
As to theother part of Your Prostatin the. And hem As to the other part of Your quotation Vix. And then
leaving it to that Sactorys Disartion either to detain or send her away at leaving it to that Factorys Discretion either to detain or send her away as
they thought proper, These were nither the Word nor sense of the partin they thought proper, These were nither the Word nor sense of the postscript
(or whereas by the Letter We directed, That upon the Shi (or whereas by the Letter We directed, That upon the Ships
Arvialat Cothagena Such part as iproper there was t be talen but lo Arrival at Carthagena Such part as was proper there was to be taken out, our
Paterypt dereted That if the Gallones were give for Lods belo the th Postscript directed That if the Gallones were gone for Porto belo then we
left it to the Corthagena Sactory Direction if they foundit Neceparg left it to the Carthagena Factorys Direction if they found it Neccessary to
Dispatch ber away immedeately for Lots bilo wihout staying to belole Dispatch her away immediately for Porto belo without staying to take out
any part of the Corgo any part of the Cargo.
Thi This