are yet numerous in those Parts, have upon our Application to the Laids are yet numerous in those Parts, have upon Our Application to the Lords
of the Admiralty. obtained for that Service. His Majesty's ship the Dixmond of the Admiralty, obtained for that Service, His Majesty's ship the Diamond
Captn Jacob Comander who is on yor Station, We send you inclosed a Captn Jacob Comander who is on yor Station, We send you inclosed a
& Duplicate of their Lords order to the said Comander. Another will be & Duplicate of their Lordps order to the said Comander. Another will be
sent from that Office by the First Mercht ship: And another by the sent from that Office by the First Mercht ship: And another by the
Ludlowlastle who is to Carry over yor Governore, and is expected to Ludlow Castle who is to Carry over yor Governour, and is expected to
depart hence in about a fortnight. depart hence in about a fortnight:
You are imediately on receipt hereof to deliver to the said Capt. You are imediately on receipt here of to deliver to the said Captn
the admiralty's said Order, Our Packets for Carthagena & Panama the Admiralty's said Order, Our Packets for Carthagena & Panama.
and also the King of Spain's said Cedula, deuring him to Poceed without and also the King of Spain's said Cedula, desiring him to Poceed without
Loss of time for larthagene, there to receive from Our said Factory Loss of time for Carthagena, there to receive from Our said Factory
the Goods of the Bedfords cargoe, taking from them the Properlectifate the Goods of the Bedford's cargoe, taking from them the Proper Certificates
that the same are such, in order to the Goods being admitted at Portobelo that the same are such, in order to the Goods being admitted at Portobelo
and having reced from the Factory at Carthagina his Dispatches, prsces And having reced from the Factory at Carthagena his Dispatches, proceed
accordingly to fortobelo, there to deliver the said Goods to the Company accordingly to Portobelo, there to deliver the said Goods to the Company's
Sactors ther Factors
And whereas the Remeasurement of the Bedfords lagn And whereas the Remeasurement of the Bedford's Cargo
according to the Direction of the King of Spains last ledula reduced according to the Direction of the King of Spain's last ledula. reduced
the Tunage as follows: vizt. the Tunage as follows: viz.^t
Fum Tuns
Goots 4604 Landed and remaining at rarthagena Goots Landed and remaining at Carthagena  460.3/4.
The 65 Iron & c Sentback to Jamaica The Iron & ca Sent back to Jamaica 65.
525: 525 3/4
Wanting 744 to compleat the Permission of 600 Tuns Wanting to compleat the Permission of 600 Tuns 74.1/4
600 600
Our Panama Factory upon representing that 74 Our Panama Factory upon representing that 74 1/4
Tims was Left at Jamaica have obtained from their Governour a Tums was Left at Jamaica have obtained from their Governour a
Lieence (copy whereof is inclosed] for Transporting that Tunage Lieence (copy whereof is inclosed) for Transporting that Tunage
from Jamaica in our assients vessels directly to Artobelo under the Several from Jamaica in our assients vessels directly to Portobelo under the Several
Limitations, and upon bringing such vouchers & Certificates as are Limitations, And upon bringing such vouchers & Certificates as are
therein mentioned. In order to Reap the Benefit of which Licence therein mentioned. In order to Reap the Benefit of which Licence
We have Provided a largoe of Goods about that Tunage and have We have Provided a  Cargoe of Goods of about that Tunage and have
hired. hired.