of the places of Sale for Tunitual payment, the Discount for which of the places of Sales for punctual payment, the Discount for which
Two thirds at 6 plent P annu is no more than 22 P Cent Weshoed Two thirds at 6 plent P annm is no more than 2 1/2 P Cent. We should
be very much inclined to bring them to pay for them in ready money & be very much inclined to bring them to pay for them in ready money &
give them 5 P bent for the Twothurds, and rather than fail 5 p sent give them 5 P cent for the Two thirds, and rather than fail 5 p cent
for the whole rotwith tanding We have in falure of payment. the for the whole notwithstanding We have in failure of payment. the
use of the Prerogative Law by the Contract. for by that means Wastell use of the Prerogative Law by the Contract. for by that means We shall
have quicker return. be able to drive the Trade with the less stock have quicker return. be able to drive the Trade with the less stock
and be more secure in a War should break out during our Contract. But and be more secure in case a War should break out during our Contract. But
where youare under an absolute necessity) of Pruiting. You are to make where youare under an absolute necessity of Trusting. You are to make
Atrict enquiry after the ability and honesty of such Persons and to Strict enquiry after the ability and honesty of such Persons and to
be very cautious and Circumpeit in what you do. and Always take be very cautious and Circumpeit in what you do. and Always take
no other Security for what you sell upon truct: but such as you no other Security for what you sell upon truct: but such as you
really think to be good & sufficient. that the Company may not really think to be good & sufficient. that the Company may not
surtain any Losse thereby. sustain any Losses thereby.
At the Entry or coming in of any of our ships or Sloops with At the Entry or coming in of any of our ships or Sloops with
Negroes. The duties being very high, you are to get as many Negroes Negroes. The duties being very high, you are to get as many Negroes
allowed for a ps of India as possible, but not to give any extraordinar allowed for a ps of India as possible, but not to give any extraordinary
Fees to obtain it, the same being of no use unless We Import abor Fees to obtain it, the same being of no use unless We Import abort
4800 pd of India famn which at present we have n0 prospect of 4800 ps of India p ann which at present we have no prospect of
dring. doing.
This Prade being for a Long Continuance as youl see by he This trade being for a Long Continuance as you'll see by he
Assients Contract Aouare to use your best endeavours with the Assients Contract you are to use your best endeavours with the
Gov. & Royal Officers to prevent & hinder all manner of clandestine Gov. & Royal Officers to prevent & hinder all manner of clandestine
Trade of person introducing Negroa to yor or any Neighbouring Trade of person introducing Negroes to yor or any Neighbouring
places, which would highty tend to the disadvantage of the King of places, which would highly tend to the disadvantage of the King of
Spain as well as the Company Spain as well as the Company
If you find that any Contrait can be made with Persons at If you find that any Contract can be made with Persons at
yo or the Neighbouring Places (in whose ability you are well atify yor or the Neighbouring Places (in whose ability you are well satisfy
for a considerable number of Negroes to be taken on arrival. You may for a considerable number of Negroes to be taken on arrival. You may
make such Contract, and whatever Negroes you have occasion for make such Contract, and whatever Negroes you have occasion for
either for supplying such contracts or otherwise. You may write to Our either for supplying such contracts or otherwise. You may write to Our
Agents Agents