Provisons & ct taken from Capt. Toott of the Royal afrea, Regre Provisons & ca taken from Capt. Foott of the Royal africa, Repre--
sentations on this head. We intend to lay befole His Majesty sentations on this head. We intend to lay befole His Majesty
We also note your advices from the Several Factories of the Progess We also note your advices from the Several Factories of the Progress
they make in Selling the hegroes and your Intentions to supply them they make in Selling the negroes and your Intentions to supply them
which te approve which we approve
As to the Bill for Imporing the duty on our Negroes exported As to the Bill for Imposing the duty on our Negroes exported
concerning which we had presented a memorial to His Majesty concerning which we had presented a memorial to His Majesty
In the Meantime we comend your care for the Precautions you In the Meantime we comend your care for the Precautions you
have taken for our Interest in that affair, Not to pay down the have taken for our Interest in that affair, Not to pay down the
money till We advise you what success We have had here. money till We advise you what success We have had here.
We are now to acquaint you that the bill is notpassed, b We are now to acquaint you that the bill is not passed, but 
when it is taken into Consideration our Memorial will be consider when it is taken into Consideration our Memorial will be considerd
at the same time and shall advise you the Effect. In the meantime at the same time and shall advise you the Effect. In the meantime
You'l do well to put in execution your Project not to let our Negroe You'l do well to put in execution your Project not to let our Negroe
shyps come within the cays and prefer the sending the Negres in the ships come within the cays and prefer the sending the Negroes in the
same ships rather than sloops to avoid the duty same ships rather than sloops to avoid the duty
We also note the Comrs obliging the Herbert & London's We also note the Comrs obliging the Herbert & London's
entring the Wines they respectively brought and paying duties for entring the Wines they respectively brought and paying duties for
which you have given your hand to pay it in case the Court which you have given your hand to pay it in case the Court
should adjudge it to be due. We think it an unreasonable Imporition should adjudge it to be due. We think it an unreasonable Imporition
and hope the Court will be of that opinion. and hope the Court will be of that opinion.
We comend your Care in sending us your objections as to any We comend your Care in sending us your objections as to any
the Regroes which may not be quatified according to the Charter party the negroes which may not be qualified according to the Charter party
and shall consider what you propose that the Tom, do not purchase and shall consider what you propose that the Comder, do not purchase
more than Woman to 3 men. and direct them to put the same more than 1 Woman to 3 men. and direct them to put the same
in Execution so far as is practicable, To as it may not occasion in Execution so far as is practicable, To as it may not occasion
us a greater loss in the staying on the Coast for slaving us a greater loss in the staying on the Coast for slaving
We note what you write concerning the Bay of Campeaita We note what you write concerning the Bay of Campeachy
being eut off and the English Logwood Cutters drose away by which being cut off and the English Logwood Cutters drove away by which
means that comodity may rise, and your intention to write to means that comodity may rise, and your intention to write to
Captn Parril at the Htav to buy up 2 or 300 Jun to be bro Captn Farril at the Havna to buy up 2 or 300 Tuns to be bro^t
to