had not it was very easy to have found it out yoSelves for they had not it was very easy to have found it out yorselves for they
write us you may be fully informed of what's proper for their write us you may be fully informed of what's proper for their
market almost by every body market almost by every body
6th We could wish you had sent the Bedford to Portobelo at 6th We could wish you had sent the Bedford to Portobelo at
first, as We are informed you were perswaded by the Vice Roy first, as We are informed you were perswaded by the Vice Roy
and others, the Greatest part of her Carroe, being only fit for and others, the Greatest part of her Cargoe, being only fit for
Peru and the Woollens in Great Demand, the Prices of some Peru and the Woollens in Great Demand, the Prices of some
few that were then there being vizt. Bays 84 D Semprternill few that were then there being vizt. Bays 84 $ Semperternillas
24f Searlets 26 f Broad says L. Cloth in Grain 18 f 24 $ Scarlets 26 $ Broad says D^o. Cloth in Grain 18 $
f Vara and other Woollen Goods, o Rato  Vara and other Woollen Goods, Pro Rato.---7^th
We also understand that Our Panama Factory could We also understand that Our Panama Factory could
have obtained a Grant to Introduce part of the Cargoe there have obtained a Grant to Introduce part of the Cargoe there
but for want of knowing what Dispositions you had made but for want of knowing what Dispositions you had made
they did not think prudent to advance any money to get it. they did not think prudent to advance any money to get it. 8^th
We think you are Guilty of an renaccountable We think you are Guilty of an unanaccountable
Regligence in not better Correspondine with our other Pactories Negligence in not better Corresponding with our other Factories
especially that at Panama at such a Juncture when the Goods especially that at Panama at such a Juncture when the Goods
ry perishing on your hands. We expect you will rectify it Lay perishing on your hands. We expect you will rectify it
for the future, and not Fail imediately to concert with the for the future, and not Fail imediately to concert with the
Panama Factory some methods of disposing what may remain Panama Factory some methods of disposing what may remain
unsold, and Let us have what returns by this ship are possible unsold, and Let us have what returns by this ship are possible
to be made us. to be made us.
9th By Our last Letter from our Panama Factory of the 9th By Our last Letter from our Panama Factory of the
29th October last they say they could obtain a Grant to Mndua 29th October last they say they could obtain a Grant to [produce]
part of the Bedfords Cargoe, But as they know not what diposition part of the Bedfords Cargoe, But as they know not what disposition
you have made, they think it would not be prudent to dusburse you have made, they think it would not be prudent to disburse
money to get such a Grant. money to get such a Grant.
10.. We direct therefore that you do forkhwith send to 10^th.. We direct therefore that you do forthwith send to
Canama Mr North or Mr Bumpsted, which can be best paid Panama Mr North or Mr Bumpsted, which can be best paid
That he may there sete with Our Factory. Amethod if posise That he may there settle with Our Factory. A method if possible
of of