South dea house 25th Sept: 1718 South Sea house 25th Septr 1718.
Mr. Hoodbridge Mr Woodbridge
Inclosed y copy of our last of the 30th July Since Inclosed is copy of our last of the 30th July Since
which Our Pleet has destroyed greatest part of the Spanish Ilet as you will which Our Fleet has destroyed greatest part of the Spanish Fleet as you will
see by the inclosed Printed Accounts. And the Court of Madrid have thereupon see by the inclosed Printed Accounts. And the Court of Madrid have thereupon
Seized on all the English Effects in Spain, and avisos are imediately ordered Seized on all the English Effects in Spain, and avisos are imediately ordered
to the Spanish Wet Indies to do the like there therefore you are not ftill to the Spanish West Indies to do the like there .therefore you are not till
further Order to aend any more hegloes to any part of the Spanish Dommniny further Orderto send any more negroes to any part of the Spanish Dominion
But if it should s happen that there should be any opportunity. We deie But if it should so happen that there should be any opportunity. We desire
You will advise our Several Factories thereof, and if any of Our ships You will advise our Several Factories thereof, and if any of Our ships
come into yor Port with negroes from Africa you are to dispose of them come into yor Port with negroes from Africa you are to dispose of them
there to the best advantage for our account. And make by the Spediat there to the best advantage for our account. And make us the Speediest
returns in Bills of Exchange or such effects as you think will turn to returns in Bills of Exchange or such effects as you think will turn to
beet Account rere. But if you don't find a reasonable market for the best Account here. But if you don't find a reasonable market for the
Regroas at Barbadoes. You may forward some of them to Samaua Negroes at Barbadoes you may forward some of them to Jamaica
with directions to Messrs Pratter & Haselwood Oue agents to dispose with directions to Messrs Pratter & Haselwood our agents to dispose
of them there - We are of them there - We are
Yor Afationate Frends Yor Affationate Frends
The Court of Directory The Court of Directors
Sa Bateman Sub Gov Ja Bateman Sub Gov
Ambrose Page Ambrose Page
Harcourt Marter Harcourt Martez
Sephen Child Stephen Child
Jno. Pellowes Jn.^o Fellowes
To. Edmundson Ja. Edmundson
Sam. Reade Sam. Reade
Pacob Lawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Jacob Jacobeen Jacob Jacobsen
The Reynolds The Reynolds
Wr. Morley W: Morley
Re. Soge Cha. Joye
Jno Blunt Jn.^o Blunt
R. Horey R.^d Horsey
Robt. Cheiter Rob.^t Chester
L Dilaborte P.^r De la Porte
H Raymond H Raymond
Richd Houlditcl Rich.^d Houlditch
Angw 10 Decr 1718 Answd 10 Decr 1718
Sen inclosed in the abovy letter vnt Sent inclosed in the above Letter viz.^t
No Goytter Sco.^t  Gazettes
topes f last Settel of 30th July 1718 Copy of last Letter of 30.^th July 1718
Copy of Cark Letter D Copy of Carth.^n Letter D.^o
Copy of Sanr Letter Copy of Pan.^r Letter D.^o
Copy of Stavd Letter Do Copy of Hero.^a Letter D.^o