the abuscs complained of, by which means the Tustice and Iutegrity of he the abuses complained of, by which means the Justice and Integrity of the
Comp. proceedings might the more manifestly appear and ill Sealousy) in the comps. proceedings might the more manifestly appear and  all Jealousy in the
Court of Spain be removed. There matter you will lay before his Ex.y Court of Spain be removed. These matters you will lay before his Excy
Mr Stanhope that he may be the better enabled to answer any complaints Mr Stanhope that he may be the better enabled to answer any complaints
of this nature. And We hope Dr Wm lon will do us the Justice to write of this nature. And We hope Sr Wm Eon will do us the Justice to write
ny Court in vindication of the Company against these Calumnies. his Court in Vindication of the Company against these Calumnies.
As to the Complaint you mention that We neglact furnishing As to the Complaint you mention that We neglect furnishing
the Indies with Negroes but make use of our ships to stock the Country with the Indies with Negroes but make use of our ships to Stock the Country with
Goods. We answer that it is altogether false and groundless, the Company Goods, We answer that it is altogether false and groundless, the Company
having every year sent out ships for the Number of hegroe the Market having every year sent out ships for the Number of Negroes the Market
was capable of taking off and also given directions to their Agents at sane was capable of taking off and also given directions to their agents at Jama
and Basbadoe for Supplying the Sevl Parte as they had information and Barbadoes for Supplying the Sevl Ports as they had information
from the Sev. Pactorie. they were wanted and have taken all the from the Sevl Factories. they were wanted and have taken all the
Precautions they Possibly can to prevent the Comanders taking in any Precautions they Possibly can to prevent the Comanders taking in any
Goods, and have no reason to beleive that they have acted otherwise and Goods, and have no reason to believe that they have acted otherwise and
should be glad that effectual measures were taken to Suppress illllaidettive should be glad that effectual measures were taken to Suppress all Clandestine
Prade wch would be of the utmost adventage to the Co. affairs Trade wch would be of the utmost advantage to the Cos affairs
By the Kington from Buenos lyres We rec Letter directed By the Kingston from Buenos Ayres We rec.^d Letters directed
to Dr Andres Martiney de Murquin & Dr Suan Goyenecke which to D.^r Andres Martine de Murquin & D.^r Juan Goyeneche which
were forwarded in may last by Sea to Mr Archer of Bilbes were forwarded in May last by Sea to M.^r Archer of Bilbao
you will see by Or last upon wch terms. We were inclined to you will see by O.^d last upon w.^t terms We were inclined to
&mit Mr Thea to embark on our Ann ship. We have reconsidered his P.mit M.^r Shea to embark on our ann.^l ship. We have reconsidered this
matter And are of opinion not to let him Procces on any acco soever matter and are of opinion not to let him Proceed on any acco.^t w.^tsoever
and direct you and Mr. Uzarde spall you can as being an Inrovation and direct you and M.^r Uzardi [or] it all you can as being an Innovation
upon the apieuts Contract, however Specious the Pretence for it may be upon the assients Contract, however Specious the Pretence for it may be
And as the design of sending him is ptended to be in favour to the Co And as the design of sending him is ptended to be in favour to the C.^o
We hope youl meet with no Difficulty) in Setting it ande. And in case We hope you'l meet with no Difficulty in Setting it aside, and in case
he should have orders to emlask on any other ship with any Comr. he should have orders to embark on any other ship with any Com.^r
from the King of Spain. You are to make enquiry what from the King of Spain, You are to make enquiry what
Sovery Powers