Mr. Charle Rufel M.^r Charles Russel
South Sea house 4 Sept. 171 South Sea house 4 Sept. 1718
The Court of Director have reced yor letter of the The Court of Directors have reced yo.^r Letter of the
22d Ult, with Copy of another of the 18th. of that Month with the Memory of the 22.^th Ult.^o, with Copy of another of the 18.^th of that Month with the Memory of the
Cargoe of the Flote, and that of the Spanish Man of War from Cashagena and Cargoe of the Flota, and that of the Spanish Man of War from Carthagena and
Havana for which as also for your otheradvres, and the lawe you took in Havana, for which as also for your other advices, and the case you took in
forwarding the Packet from the veralrus Factory they return you thanks forwarding the Packet from the vera Cruz Factory they return you thanks
The Thomasin by which you sent said Racket Es not yet arrived The Thomasin by which you sent said Racket is not yet arrived.
I have recd yours of the 13th July with the Leveral Letter I have rec.^d yours of the 13th July with the Several Letters
inclosed which shall be forwarded by the very first opportunity, none inclosed which shall be forwarded by the very first opportunity, none
having hutherto been slips. Iam In having hitherto been slip'd. I am S.^r
Yor most humble Lervt Yo.^r most humble Serv.^t
Daniel Wesomb Daniel Wescomb
By Order of he Court By order of he Court
of Directors of Directors
South Seahouse London 4th Septen 90 South Sea house London 4th Septemr 1718
Messrs John &Samuel Pitt Messrs John & Samuel Pitt
Gent The Count of Directors hav red aderes from their Gentt The Count of Directors have rec.d advises from their
Factors at St Sagede Caba of their intention to dispatch in all this meath a ship with a Factors at St Jago de Caba of their intention to dispatch in all this month a ship with a
Cargoe of Sugors to be consigned to you for the Companys account, But seeing at the same Cargoe of Sugars to be consigned to you for the Company's account, But seeing at the same
time that the Cousrt gave them orders to send the said ship they directed them to consign her time that the Court gave them orders to send the said ship they directed them to consign her
to Mr Nath Herne and advised him thereof. This keing a mistake of Our Pactors Weden to Mr Nath: Herne and advised him thereof. This being a mistake of Our Factors We deem
you will wave yor Consignment in favour of our said Orders. This you may be you will wave yo.^r Consignment in favour of our said Order. This you maybe
assures does not proceed in the least from any objection or dislike the Coust of Directors assured does not proceed in the least from any objection or dislike the Court of Directors
have of yor house and had they not been under Bror Engagements they should have bene have of yo.r house and had they not been under Prior Engagements they should have been
as well satisfied with yor. House as any other. as well satisfied with yo.^r. House as any other.
Heare We are.
Gent. Gent.^n
Yor Loring rends Yo.^r Loving Friends
The Comrs of Consipencence of The Com.^rs of Correspencence of
the Tousth Tea Company the South Sea Company
Wm Chapman W.^m Chapman
Robt Cheiter Rob.^t Chester
Jno Blunt Jn.^o Blunt
Jno Fellowy Jn.^o Fellowes
By Order of the Court of By Order of the Court of
Directors Directors