Dependants and Negros. This last being granted in Pursuance Dependants and Negros. This last being granted in Pursuance
of the 9th & 35t articles of the Assiento of the 9th & 35th articles of the Assiento
These dispatches you are to make use of so as may These dispatches you are to make use of so as may
be most for the Company's advantage. be most for the Company's advantage.
What We have to add to our said former Letter is to What We have to add to our said former Letter is to
acquaint you that the Invoice of the Hides of the Warwick has acquaint you that the Invoice of the Hides of the Warwick has
been Examined and an Error found of 6 R overcharged in the been Examined and an Error found of 6 Rls. overcharged in the
article of Customs, which reduces the amount to 19100 p 4 R/ article of Customs, which reduces the amount to 19100 p 4.2 ^Rls 1/2.
The hides by the said ship are for the most part there The hides by the said ship are for the most part worm
=eaten, which We attrbute either to their not being Well cared or =eaten, which We attribute either to their not being Well cured or
to their being too Long kept. or to both, and they prove generally) to their being too Long kept, or to both, and they prove generally
Lighter by 6t than those imported by the French. We expet Lighter by 6lb than those imported by the French. We expect
therefore for the future youl take more care in their Quality & therefore for the future you'l take more care in their Quality &
Curing, and not to provide them too long before hand Caring, and not to provide them too long before hand
The Silver & money mentioned in Captn Partington's The Silver & money mentioned in Captn Partington's
Receipt which came inclosed in Mr Thistlethwayte's Letter of the Receipt which came inclosed in Mr Thistlethwayte's Letter of the
16th June last has been remitted to madrid according to yo Gov 16^th June last has been remitted to Madrid according to yor Gov^rs
desire of which you are to advise his Excelly desire of which you are to advise his Excelly
This comes by the St. Quintin a ship of 360 Sum, This comes by the St. Quintin a ship of 360 Tuns,
bound for Angola for 318 Negroes to be delivered at yor Port bound for Angola for 313 Negroes to be delivered at yor Port
You are carefully to peruse the Captn Instructions & Charterparty You are carefully to peruse the Captn Instructions & Charterparty
and comply therewith. so far as is incumbent on you, as well and comply therewith. so far as is incumbent on you, as well
inunlivering the said ship as in Loading & dupatching her in unlivering the said ship as in Loading & dispatching her
home within the time limitted without incurring demorage home within the time limitted without incurring demarage
We have taken this ship only for such a small Quantity We have taken this ship only for such a small Quantity
of Negroes and given £10. If head freight. In Consideration of of Negroes and given £10. of head freight. In Consideration of
bringing away the larger quantity of hide. To case you of so bringing away the larger quantity of hides. To ease you of so
many Superfluous hides of which you have so vast a Store, and many Superfluous hides of which you have so vast a Store, and
which were so Imprudently provided before hand. which were so Imprudently provided before hand.
This This