as also for sending to the Later directly from Jamaica the 74h Tuns of as also for sending to the Later directly from Jamaica the 74h Tuns of
Goods pursuant to your Presidents Licence concerning both which 1e have Goods pursuant to your Presidents Licence concerning both which 1e have
writ to Our agents at Samaica and Factory at Carthagena and sent them writ to Our agents at Jamaica and Factory at Carthagena and sent them
His EM Cedula for Transporting the Goods from Carthagena to Portobel His CM Cedula for Transporting the Goods from Carthagena to Portobelo
copies of which Letters and also of the said Cedula are inclosed for your copies of which Letters and also of the said Cedula are inclosed for your
Government. Youl see that upon Our Application to the Lords of the admnitts Government. Youl see that upon Our Application to the Lords of the admitting
their Lordship have ordered the Diamond Man of War Captn Jacob Comand their Lordship have ordered the Diamond Man of War Captn Jacob Comand
Now at Jamaiea to Proceed to Carthagena to take in the Goods and carry Now at Jamaica to Proceed to Carthagena to take in the Goods and carry
them to Portobelo copy of his orders you have also herewith, and as We them to Portobelo copy of his orders you have also herewith, and as We
have given directions to the Carthagena Factory to send by the Man of have given directions to the Carthagena Factory to send by the Man of
War a Certificate that the Goods she takes on board are r art of the Barfar War a Certificate that the Goods she takes on board are r art of the Barfar
cargoe and such other Certificates (ifany) as are required by the saidledele cargoe and such other Certificates (if any) as are required by the said Cedula
We hope there will be no obstruction to the admission of the Goods at We hope there will be no obstruction to the admission of the Goods at
Portobelo. Portobelo.
And as to the 744 Tuns which We have Liberty by your And as to the 74 1/4 Tuns which We have Liberty by your
Presidents Licence to transport from Samaica in our assiento vessel Presidents Licence to transport from Jamaica in our assiento vessel
directly to Portobeld We have Provided a largoe of Goods of directly to Portobelo We have Provided a Cargoe of Goods of
about that Timage and have taken up a ship vizt. The London about that Tunage and have taken up a ship vizt. The London
Captn. Lillewhite who is to depart hence by the 10th of next Mr. Captn. Lillewhite who is to depart hence by the 10th of next Mo
with the said Goods for tamaica. And We now give directions to with the said Goods for Jamaica. And We now give directions to
our Agents there to Provide against her arrival not exceeding our Agents there to Provide against her arrival not exceeding
200 good neyroes, and as We have given such Ample directions to 200 good negroes, and as We have given such Ample directions to
the Carthagena Factory to send by the man of War to Poctobelo all the Carthagena Factory to send by the man of War to Portobelo all
the Certificates and vouchers required by the Presidents Licince, but the Certificates and vouchers required by the Presidents Licence, but
especially alertificate of the amount of the Tunage of the whole largoe especially a Certificate of the amount of the Tunage of the whole Cargoe
of the Bedford (which was Landed at latthagena) according to the rule of of the Bedford (which was Landed at Carthagena) according to the rule of
measurement prescribed by the last ledula We hope there will be no measurement prescribed by the last Cedula We hope there will be no
difficulty or obstruction to the admission of these 74/½ Tuns. but that difficulty or obstruction to the admission of these 74 ½ Tuns. but that
against their arrival you will have made the necessary dispositions for against their arrival you will have made the necessary dispositions for
their reception & spuedyduporal. We have ordered Mr Bumpsted in their reception & speedy disposal. We have ordered Mr Bumpsted in
case he beat Jamaica to take his passage in the Man of War to lasthegu case he beat Jamaica to take his passage in the Man of War to Cartaghena
and assist them in Loading the Goods and Proceed with them to Poctobele and assist them in Loading the Goods and Proceed with them to Portobelo
to Assist Jos. Factory in the Diperal of them to Assist yor. Factory in the Disposal of them
We have given directions to our agents at Samaica to We have given directions to our agents at Jamaica to
send send