and designing to Ballast each ship of the Flote with that Comodity for Htiscons and designing to Ballast each ship of the Flote with that Comodity for Htiscons
Account. Account.
Our vera luy Factory advise is that on the 21t Febrvery last our Our vera luy Factory advise is that on the 21t Febrvery last our
Ship Royal Prince was measured by the General &c. and computed at 655 Ship Royal Prince was measured by the General &c. and computed at 655
Tuns and have sent us a lertificate of it: Also anacco? of the Dimensions Tuns and have sent us a lertificate of it: Also anacco? of the Dimensions
as taken by the General and Certified by 2 Mates and the Carpenter as taken by the General and Certified by 2 Mates and the Carpenter
of the Royel Prince, with Mr Manis observations on the Errouy made of the Royel Prince, with Mr Manis observations on the Errouy made
in taking the said account. Inclosed Mr send you he above Certificate in taking the said account. Inclosed Mr send you he above Certificate
and Account with Copy of the said Observations. and Account with Copy of the said Observations.
In the Measurement it was observed to the General that the In the Measurement it was observed to the General that the
dimensions of the ship were not taken in the Proper Places and in Detriment dimensions of the ship were not taken in the Proper Places and in Detriment
to the Company was Pres'd to take the Dimensions over again in diferce to the Company was Pres'd to take the Dimensions over again in diferce
Places, and such as would have made the Tunage come out less; but he Places, and such as would have made the Tunage come out less; but he
declared that if he measured her over again it should be with the utmost rigone declared that if he measured her over again it should be with the utmost rigone
And being a Positive man and not easily convined, Our Factors Sgned to And being a Positive man and not easily convined, Our Factors Sgned to
this Measurement. But if this Supposes Excess be insisted on, it will this Measurement. But if this Supposes Excess be insisted on, it will
not We hope be attended with any ill consequence, the ledula having not We hope be attended with any ill consequence, the ledula having
Provided that it shall be carried to the account of the Annual ship layre Provided that it shall be carried to the account of the Annual ship layre
the following year which by your Letter of the 19th July last in the following year which by your Letter of the 19th July last in
answer to ours of the 20th June wherein We desired you to Explain answer to ours of the 20th June wherein We desired you to Explain
what was meant by the following year) You have given your opinion what was meant by the following year) You have given your opinion
that it is not dimited to veralry but may be applies to Carthagene that it is not dimited to veralry but may be applies to Carthagene
it being all one to the King of Spain. And as our annuelstup it being all one to the King of Spain. And as our annuelstup
design'd this year for larsthagenia & Portobelo is almost 20 Tun within design'd this year for larsthagenia & Portobelo is almost 20 Tun within
her Permission We have make- a Sufficient allowance for said her Permission We have make- a Sufficient allowance for said
Excess were it really so. Excess were it really so.
You are to endeavour to obsate any difficulty relating You are to endeavour to obsate any difficulty relating
to this matter taking care that this measurement shall not be a to this matter taking care that this measurement shall not be a
Precident for the future a bar to her remeasurement when she comes Precident for the future a bar to her remeasurement when she comes
to Europe that so she may continue one of o annual ships for the to Europe that so she may continue one of o annual ships for the
Ten years. Ten years.
Weare informed that the aviso from veralur with Weare informed that the aviso from veralur with
about about