To Messrs James Sym Arthur North To Messrs James Pym, Arthur North
Willm Bumpsted John Cumberlege Willm Bumpsted, John Cumberlege
James Blake & Thos Bacon James Blake & Thos Bacon
Factors for the Royal Assicente Company of Factors for the Royal Assiento Company of
Great Brittain at Carthagena Great Brittain at Carthagena
South Sea house London South Sea house London
Gent. Gentn.
20th February 1716. 20th February 1716.
1 Head. Concerning Letters Writ & Letters rec 1st Head. Concerning Letters Writ & Letters recd
1 Our last was the 13th December copy whereof is 1st Our last was the 13th December copy whereof is
inclosed with which went dispatches from His Cath. Majesty), inclosed with which went dispatches from His Cath. Majesty),
Directing in what manner the Bedford's whole Cargoe should be Directing in what manner the Bedford's whole Cargoe should be
measured vizt For the Fron 22/2 Qluntals to the hin and for the measured vizt For the Fron 22 1/2 Quintals to the tun and for the
rest of the Cargoe 1663 Palmos Cubicos to the hin, according to rest of the Cargoe 1663 Palmos Cubicos to the tun, according to
which Regulation all the Goods left at Carthagina with the which Regulation all the Goods left at Carthagina with the
Pron carried to Jamaica comes within the 600 tums allowed us by the Tran carried to Jamaica comes within the 600 tums allowed us by the
Licence as you will see proved: by the Operation sent you in the Licence as you will see proved: by the Operation sent you in the
said Letter said Letter
2d We have since reed yours of the 15th August with the Papers &f 2^d We have since reed yours of the 15th August with the Papers &
accounts therein mentioned. accounts therein mentioned.
3d Mr Pyms Lettermentioned in the Postscript to yo said Letter 3^d Mr Pyms Letter mentioned in the Postscript to yo^r said Letter
of the 3d. August diected to the Duke of Alverquerque has been of the 3^d. August directed to the Duke of Alverquerque has been
forwarded. forwarded.
2d Head. Concerning Regroes their Receipt 2d Head. Concerning Negroes, their Receipt
Regulation Sale &c. Regulation Sale &ca.
1. You write in Yos of the 3d August that you had preoued 1st. You write in Yors of the 3d August that you had procured
be the necessary certificates of one negroe P the Brigantine and Three
& the Resolution that died within the 15 days, but hove omitted to send P the Resolution that died within the 15 days, but have omitted to send
to us without giving us any reason, which We direct you to do to us without giving us any reason, which We direct you to do
fnext, and that you will always take care that each ship's Negroes P next, and that you will always take care that each ship's Negroes