be resonable: and for their Information in that respect. You are to be resonable: and for their Information in that respect. You are to
advise them of the Captns Condut in this affair. We have given the like advise them of the Captns Conduct in this affair. We haves given the like
laution to our agents at Samaica against the Sloops carrying any Goods caution to our agents at Jamaica against the Sloops carrying any Goods
on forfeiture of his Freight and other Penaltis. This you are Particulely on forfeiture of his Freight and other Penalties. This you are Particularly
to Examine into on his Arrival and acquaint our agents at Samaira to Examine into on his Arrival and acquaint our agents at Jamaica
therewith. therewith.
Inclosed is a letter from Dr. Gulielmo Con Kt. of the order of Inclosed is a letter from Dr. Gulielmo Con Kl. of the order of
Aleantare the King of Spains Director for the affairs of the Assiento Alcantara the King of Spains Director for the affairs of the Assiento
residing in London to the Marquis of Villa Rocha yor President residing in London to the Marquis of Villa Rocha yor, President
which you are to deliver with our Compliments: the same has been which you are to deliver with our Compliments: the same has been
seen by us, and is in Our Tavour, We are seen by us, and is in Our Favour, We are
Yor Loving Friends Yor Loving Friends
The Court of Directors. The Court of Directors.
Sam Shepheard Dep Sam Shepheard Dep
Tra: Hawes Tra: Hawes
Ja Bateman LuoGov. Ja Bateman LuoGov.
Wm astell Wm astell
Fran Eyles Fran Eyles
Soh Gore Soh Gore
Charle Joye Charle Joye
Richd Houlditch Richd Houlditch
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
A Raymond A Raymond
Jacob Sawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Tuh. Pench Tuh. Pench
Jno. Fellowes Jno. Fellowes
Theod. Jamken Theod. Jamken
Wm. Chapman Wm. Chapman
Robert Chester Robert Chester
Jacob Jacobren Jacob Jacobren
Papers enclosed Papers enclosed
Cony of the Litt of the Som Date to Saml Cony of the Litt of the Som Date to Saml
Do to the Factory at Carthagona Do to the Factory at Carthagona
Copy of the Conta for Transport the Copy of the Conta for Transport the
Bedforts Goods from Carth to Portos Belo Bedforts Goods from Carth to Portos Belo
Admicaltys Ordr to the Capt of the Diamond Admicaltys Ordr to the Capt of the Diamond
Sr Wlons Letter to the Morg de Vila Roche Sr Wlons Letter to the Morg de Vila Roche