Instructions Geiven by the Court of Directors of the Instructions Given by the Court of Directors of the
South sea Comp to James Hourstoun McD. Chosen Surgeon at South Sea Compa to James Houstoun M.D. Chosen Surgeon at
Carthiagena Carthagena
London 4 March 1724 London 4 March 1724
We the Court of Directors of the South Sea Comp reporing special We the Court of Directors of the South Sea Compa reposing special
Trust & Confidence in You & Your Ability & Integrity Have Chosen You to be Trust & Confidence in You & Your Ability & Integrity Have Chosen You to be
our surgeon at our Carthagena Factory, And to do such other Busines as our surgeon at our Carthagena Factory, And to do such other Business as
they shall appoint you to pursuant to the General Instructions to y Factory they shall appoint you to pursuant to the General Instructions to yr Factory
of 21. Sepr. 1721. You are therefore to proceed thither without Loss of Time of 21. Sepr. 1721. You are therefore to proceed thither without Loss of Time
Your Particular Business as Surgeon will be to administer Your Particular Business as Surgeon will be to administer
Surgery & Phisick, out of the Comp Medicines to the Factory whenever there Surgery & Phisick, out of the Comps Medicines to the Factory whenever there
shall be Occasion Grates, ths take particular Care of the Sick to preserve shall be Occasion Gratis, And also to visit the Negroes Daily And take particular Care of the Sick to preserve
them the best you can in the Tume of their sichness, and keep a Journal them the best you can in the Time of their sickness, And keep a Journal
of your practice & prescriptions, Copys whereof are from Time to Time to be of your practice & prescriptions, Copys whereof are from Time to Time to be
Prausmitted to the Company Transmitted to the Company
You are also to lay before the Council a Weckly n Monthly Accs You are also to lay before the Council a Weekly or Monthly Acct
as they shall Direct of the State & Condition of the Regrses & how many have as they shall Direct of the State & Condition of the Negroes, & how many have
dyed in that Time & of what Distemper dyed in that Time, & of what Distemper
Herewith you have a Deputation under the Comps Seal for Herewith you have a Deputation under the Comps Seal for
Your acting as Surgeon to our Factory at Carthagena And We hope Youl so Your acting as Surgeon to our Factory at Carthagena And We hope You'l so
Conduct Yes self an pur Service as to deserve ou Favgus & Encouragement Conduct Yorself in our Service as to deserve our Favour & Encouragement
We wish you a good Voyage & success & are We wish you a good Voyage & success & are
Yr affectionate Frend Yor affectionate Friend
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
of the South lea Comp. of the South Sea Compa
S Savill T Savill
K. Lewin Rd. Lewin
J. Eyles Vul Gov J. Eyles Sub Govr
W Heath W Heath
J. Naworth J. Raworth
J Mudge D. Geon: J Rudge D. Govr
T. Ayles T. Ayles
J. Jones S. Jones
J Feyer J Fryer
H. Acheon H. Ashton
B. Lethicullier B. Lethicullier
W. Brooke W. Brooke
P. Burrell P. Burrell
S. Hanbury J. Hanbury
E. Becher E. Becher
R. Newton R. Newton
Mc Raper M. Raper