Touth Sea House Londs 13 Aser 1725 South Sea House Lond.^o 13 Apr 1725
Mesr Pitts Co Mess.^ Pitt & Co
Messrs Mess.^rs
Mr Knapp of the South Sea House wrote You there9 Mr Knapp of the South Sea House wrote You the 29
March last & sent You Bill of Leading of a Senall Box Shipd on the March last & sent You Bill of Loading of a Sinall Box Shipd on the
Rua Nova Capt. Morgan contayning a Gold Watch Chain & Equipage Rua Nova Cap.^t. Morgan containing a Gold Watch Chain & Equipage
designd for Adm Terranos Lady Inclosed is another Bill of Lading designd for Adm.^l Serranos Lady Inclosed is another Bill of Lading
& a Letter for her Ladyship which the Company duire You to forward, & a Letter for her Ladyship which the Company desire You to forward,
& that Youl take Care the Box be Saply delivers her Spresume You & that Youl take Care the Box be Safely deliverd her I presume You'l
soon hear from the Comps. In the mean while I remain soon hear from the Comp.^r In the mean while I remain
Yor mot hame Sero: Yo.^r most hand Serv.^t
D.W. D.W.
Or Sr
I have you Exct. favore of the 16. Decent. and 20 Jan. with I have your Excys. favour of the 16 Decemr and 20 Jany with
the Inclosed Papers relating to the Companys Negroes which were taken the Inclosed Papers relating to the Companys Negroes which were taken
by the Prate from Capt. Durfey, and brought by another Vassel into by the Pirates from Capt Durfey, and brought by another Vessel into
South Carolina. The Company ace very much obligd to your Excels for South Carolina. The Company are very much obligd to your Excely for
the Trouble and Care you took of their Interest in the Course of this Affair the Trouble and Care you took of their Interest in the Course of this Affair
and for the Cred it you gave the Capt. on this Unhappy Occasion by Indow and for the Credit you gave the Capt on this Unhappy Occasion by Indors
=ing his Billafor £52:14: Her which will be Thaukfuly discharged =ing his Bills for £52:14: Her which will be Thankfuly discharged
I shall be hearhly glad to See you Safe returnd to England I shall be heartily glad to See you Safe returnd to England
as you give me Expectation it will very soon, I shall suspaid Paying as you give me Expectation it will be very soon, I shall suspend Saying
any more till your Arrival being any more till your Arrival being
Your xqcrs most obed hund Sort Your Excys most obedt hund Servt
Jn: Eyles Jno Eyles
Londan Cap. 20.120 London: ap. 20.1725