illictly introduced us well before as since. Our Assiento illictly introduced us well before as since. Our Assiento
We have remitted to Madred the Several Autos and Proceedings you We have remitted to Madrid the Several Autos and Proceedings you
sent us vizt sent us vizt
Against John Kirvan for f220 you were obliged to pay him for the Against John Kirvan for $220 you were obliged to pay him for the
Negroes 2 Negroes
Yor demand of the Amount of the 2 Negrocs escaped from Jamaica Yor demand of the Amount of the 2 Negroes escaped from Jamaica
and seized by the Royl. Offd in our time. and seized by the Royl. Offr in our time.
yor Petitions Answers & appeal relating to Mr Duvals deporit of yor Petitions Answers & appeal relating to Mr Duvals deposit of
$16000 $10000
Procedings in relation to the 51 Negroes Stranded on the North Procedings in relation to the 51 Negroes Stranded on the North
Coast of cula. Coast of Cuba.
Concerning all which We have stated the lases to our agents at Meand Concerning all which We have stated the cases to our agents at Madrid 
and given them the necessary directions and as any of them are determined and given them the necessary directions and as any of them are determined
shall advise you. shall advise you.
to to the Afair of Capt. Corres it is determined in Masrod As to the Afair of Captn. Corres it is determined in Madrid
in Our Favour by ledula lately granted (of which inclosed is one This in Our Favour by cedula lately granted (of which inclosed is one) This
Cedula is General & Ciicular and will serve to determine all other cares Cedula is General & Cicular and will serve to determine all other cares
of the like Nature wheresoever they are or shall be for the same, you of the like Nature wheresoever they are or shall be for the same, you
are to recover what udue to us from this Captt or Compound it with him are to recover what is due to us from this Captn or Compound it with him
as you see most for our Interest as you see most for our Interest.
Concerning other Cedulas. Concerning other Cedulas.
the note your having presented the ledulas regulating the the note your having presented the cedulas regulating the
measurement of the Bedfords Cargoe and Yor Lamenting our having measurement of the Bedfords Cargoe and Yo^u Lamenting our having
detained so long that of the 26 July 1715. and not sending it by the detained so long that of the 26 July 1715. and not sending it by the
Bodford. And that We did not so much as hint to you one word that the Bedford. And that We did not so much as hint to you one word that the
was such a one. In anower to which we say If you had read our 3 & was such a one. In answer to which we say If you had read our 3^d &
A Paragraph of the 12 December of which you own the rect and had 4. Paragraph of the 12 December of which you own the rec^t and had
considered it you would have had no occasion for such a Complaint considered it you would have had no occasion for such a Complaint
You may there see that it was after We had represented to the Cousrt You may there see that it was after We had represented to the Court
of Spain the Confiscation of the Bedfords Cargoe That We obtained of Spain the Confiscation of the Bedfords Cargoe That We obtained
a Cedula of 12 Novr. 1716 with an Authentick copy of that of July 175 a Cedula of 12 Nov^r. 1716 with an Authentick copy of that of July 175
which we imediately sent you and knew nothing of that of July 1915 which we imediately sent you and knew nothing of that of July 1715
till then. The onginal having been sent to the Govd. from Spain till then. The onginal having been sent to the Gov^r from Spain
direly directly