Do Messrs John Thruppely President To Mess^rs John Thruppe Esq President
Benedict Phistlethwayle Jeremiah Mount & Benedict Thistlethwayte, Jeremiah Mount &
Joseph De Lannoy Factors to the British Joseph De Lannoy Factors to the British
Royal Assients Company at Buchos Ayres Royal Assiento Company at Buenos Ayres
Gent. Gent^n.
outh Sea house South Sea house
London 24th January 1718 London 24th January 1716
Our last was of the 16th November of the Kingston Our last was of the 16^th November P the Kingston
Frigat Capt. Beies whosaited from the Downes the latter end of Frigat Capt.^n Bewes who sailed from the Downes the latter end of
that month and is bound directly to your Port with naval Stores& that month and is bound directly to your Port with naval Stores &
as one of the 150 hin ships allowed by the Assiento on which went as one of the 150 tun ships allowed by the Assiento on which went
Mr John Shruppe whom We have appointed yor President in the Mr John Thruppe whom We have appointed yor President in the
Room of Dr Dover whom We have recalled. The said ship Room of Dr Dover whom We have recalled. The said ship
We hope will long ere this comes to yor hands be safely arrives and We hope will long ere this come to yor hands be safely arrived and
as to her Cargoe and the dispatched of the Ship We refer you to tne as to her Cargoe and the dispatches of the Ship We refer you to the
directions given in our said Letter. Of which Inclosed is a Copy directions given in our said Letter. Of which Inclosed is a Copy
As to the Buenos Ayres Sloop which We had As to the Buenos Ayres Sloop which We had
designed for yor. Port to continue there to a prist in Loading &unloadors designed for yor Port to continue there to assist in Loading & unloading
ourships she is thought incapable of that Service. To We shall look our ships she is thought incapable of that Service. So We shall look
out for one more proper as soon as may be, The Stores designed p out for one more proper as soon as may be, The Stores designed for
this Sloop are on board the St Quintin whereof you have the this Sloop are on board the St Quintin whereof you have the
Particulars inclosed Particulars inclosed
Inclosed are dispatches from his Cath: Majesty) Inclosed are dispatches from his Cath: Majesty
One is an Authentick assiento Contract, with a New Convention One is an Authentick Assiento Contract, with a New Convention
or Explanation of it annexd and a fircular Cedula or Order signed or Explanation of it annex'd and a Circular Cedula or Order signed
by the King of Cpain for its observance. by the King of Spain for its observance.
The other is a cedula or order to the Governour The other is a cedula or order to the Governour
of Buenes Ayres, directing him in what manner to assign the land of Buenos Ayres, directing him in what manner to assign the land
fon which to build or cultivate for the use of the Factory their on which to build or cultivate for the use of the Factory their
Dependants Dependants