South Sea house 4th September 178 South Sea house 4th September 1718
Mr. Nahaniel Home Mr Nahaniel Herne
a Sr
We have reced advices from Our Tactors at We have reced advices from Our Factors at
St Sagode Cuba of the 12th June last acquainting us that Pursuant to Our orders St Jago de Cuba of the 12th June last, acquainting us that Pursuant to Our orders
they intended to dispatch in all this Month a ship with a largoe of Sugars to be they intended to dispatch in all this Month a ship with a Cargoe of Sugars to be
consigned to you at Cadie for Our account. But the since understand that they consigned to you at Cadiz for Our account. But we since understand that they
intend the without out Order) to alter the said Consignent in favour of Messrs intend (tho' without out Order) to alter the said Consignment in favour of Mess.^rs
John & Samuel Vitt. But as We continue still of the same opinion. We now John & Samuel Pitt: But as We continue still of the same opinion. We now
inclosed write to those Gentl to wave the said Consignment in Confermity to inclosed write to those Gentl to wave the said Consignment in Conformity to
the Orders given our said Factors with which we doubt not of their Acquieicence the Orders given our said Factors, with which we doubt not of their Acquiescence
Inclosed also is Our Letter to the Comander of such ship as shall arrive with Inclosed also is Our Letter to the Comander of such ship as shall arrive with
the said Sngars which you will deliver to him. We having thereby ordered him the said Sugars which you will deliver to him. We having thereby ordered him
to deliver what he shall have on board for our Account to you. And to fivent to deliver what he shall have on board for our account, to you. And to pvent[prevent]
his making any Difficulty about the alteration of the Consignment. We his making any Difficulty about the alteration of the Consignment. We
have assured him the Company will indemnify him on that Account. to bet have assured him the Company will indemnify him on that account. So that
We hope he will readily comply. We are We hope he will readily comply. We are,
ansered 17 Oct answered .17. Oct.
Sr. Sr
Yos Most humble Servt Yor Most humble Serv.^ts
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Robert Chetter Robert Chester
John Blunt John Blunt
John Fellowe John Fellowes
Sy Order of the Court of By Order of the Court of
Directors Directors.
Mons Lowis Du Lier Monsr Lewis Du Livier
Souh Sea house Lond & Slepten 17 Souh Sea house Lond: 4 Septemr 1718
I wrote you the 28th past inclosing a letter for Mr Aowles wth I wrote you the 28th past inclosing a Letter for Mr Bowles wth
you were deired to forward to him, Iam obliged to repeat the trouble with regard to you were desired to forward to him, I am obliged to repeat the trouble with regard to
the Inclosed which Idesire you will convey to him according to he Method proposed iumy the Inclosed which I desire you will convey to him according to he Method proposed in my
last. Iam last. I am
Yor Most humble Servt Yor Most humble Servt
Pos. Safford Jos. Safford.