Vessel which shall take out any Lieuce is to carry during the Voyage Vessel which shall take out any Licence is to carry during the Voyage
for which such Licence is granted the Co. Arms Quaiter'd in their Colours for their for which such Licence is granted the Cos Arms Quarter'd in their Colours for their
Better Peofection, Countenance & Distinction And after the bryage for which Better Protection, Countenance & Distinction And after the voyage for which
the Licence was granted. the said colours are not to be worn on any the Licence was granted. the said colours are not to be worn on any
Petence whatever. Pretence whatever.
Now Forasmuch as We have laid there affaire comitted to Mr Woodbridge Now For as much as We have laid these affairs comitted to Mr Woodbridge
management in allear Light reforcyon. We think it necessary to recomend to management in a clear Light before you. We think it necessary to recomend to
you todo all that Lier in your Power for Countenancing and Promoting them you to do all that Lies in your Power for Countenancing and Promoting them
in all respects as well by your Selves as by Our Judges conservators and other in all respects as well by your Selves as by Our Judges conservators and other
officers That the Persons taking out Licences may meet with all due excourage officers That the Persons taking out Licences may meet with all due encourage --
ment to renew their adventures; whereby the Companys Interest will be ment to renew their adventures; whereby the Companys Interest will be
Promoted. And in case the Licenced Persons shouse meet with any dificaubre Promoted. And in case the Licenced Persons shoud meet with any dificulties
or Embarassments in the Spanish Wist Indies. Insuch cares you are to do or Embarassments in the Spanish West Indies. In such cases you are to do
yor utmost to remove them: And if need be in our name to make the yor utmost to remove them: And if need be in our name to make the
necessary Protects, and transmit to Mr Woodbridge the Autos on such necessary Protests, and transmit to Mr Woodbridge the Autos on such
Proceedings in order to be sent to us that 110 may demand redre s at Proceedings in order to be sent to us that We may demand redress at
the Court of Medred. the Court of Madrid.
Youare from time to time to Carrepond with Mr Woilbn You are from time to time to Correspond with Mr Woodbridge 
inrelation to theie affairs and to give us & him the best Informations you in relation to there affairs and to give us & him the best Informations you
can for rendring his Services the most advantageous to the Company. He can for rendering his Services the most advantageous to the Company. He
having likewise Our Orders for Correponding with you. We are having likewise Our Orders for Correponding with you. We are
Yor Loving Frends the Yo^r Loving Friends the
Court of Directors of the South lea Court of Directors of the South Sea
Company Company
The above Circular Letter was also The above Circular Letter was also
Signed by the Court and sent to Signed by the Court and sent to
The Factory at Carthagena The Factory at Carthagena
Vera Rud Repownd Vera Cruz Rec:^t ownd
McFarnl at the Havana M.^r Fanil at the Havana
Mr Camberleye at St Sago Delaba M.^r Camberleye at S.^t Sago Delaba
Jo Bateman SubGo Jo Bateman SubGov.
Sam. Shepteard D.G. Sam. Shepheard D.G.
R. Houlditch R. Houlditch
At Raymond At Raymond .
Tr. Eyles Fra:. Eyles
Tho Reynold Tho Reynolds
Jacob Pacobren Jacob Pacobren
L.Blockwell L.Blockwell
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Jno Blant Jno Blant
Jno Pellowes Jno Pellowes
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Wm Homond W^m Homond
EGibbon E Gibbon
C Delalort S^r Delaport
Robt Cleiter Rob: Cheitir
acob awbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Henry Durley Henry Durley
& E Storuey R.^D Horrey
Saml Reade Saml Reade