6e Stowed. You are to take care that no part of her Water. Htow be Stowed, You are to take care that no part of her Water. Stores
or Provisions be put in the Hold that being entirely reserved for or Provisions be put in the Hold that being entirely reserved for
the Companys Goods, you are also to put as many Hides as you the Companys Goods, you are also to put as many Hides as you
can between Decks. can between Decks.
We shall soon take up another ship for your Port to complact We shall soon take up another ship for your Port to compleat
Our 4 Regroe ships for the year 1717. Our 4 Negroe ships for the year 1717.
To you are to be carefull to provide returns accordingly. So you are to be carefull to provide returns accordingly.
Since our last none of our ships are arrived from your Port Since our last none of our ships are arrived from your Port
We might have long ago expected the Windsor Captn. Townsend, who We might have long ago expected the Windsor Captn. Townsend, who
has been gone ever since the 16th June 1715. and the Htope Galley Capt. has been gone ever since the 16th June 1715. and the Hope Galley Captn.
cronker who departed in August that year and the Sarah Galley Cronker who departed in August that year and the Sarah Galley
Captn Oloome, who departed the begunning) of April 176. Captn Bloome, who departed the beginning of April 1716.
We mut remind you as We did in Our last, that as the We must remind you as We did in Our last, that as the
time of payment for the Negroes sold by Dr. Dover is Elapied, time of payment for the Negroes sold by Dr. Dover is Elapsed,
We expect considerable returns in peices of 85 by the Several We expect considerable returns in peices of 8/8 by the Several
ships as you get in the money, and that you avoid trusting as much ships as you get in the money, and that you avoid trusting as much
as possible. as possible.
We are adviced from cadiy that on the 4th of April sailed We are adviced from cadiz that on the 4th of April sailed
from that bay for your Port Two Spanish ships Ladee with Goods from that bay for your Port Two Spanish ships Laden with Goods
We are We are
Yor Loving Frinds Yo^r Loving Friends
The court of directors of the The court of directors of the
South Sea Company South Sea Company
Fra: Hawer Fra: Hawes
Ja Bateman SubGov. Ja Bateman SubGov^n.
Hen. Durley Hen. Durley
Saml. Shepheard Dep. Saml. Shepheard Dep.^ty
John Blunt John Blunt
Danl Hays Dan^l Hays
Robert Cheiter Robert Chester
Aichd Horsey Rich^d Horsey
Harcourt Matter Harcourt Matter
Dr. Delaporte Dr. Delaporte
John Gore John Gare
Geo: Carwall Geo: Caswall
Charles Joye. Charles Joye.
Jacob Jacobsen Jacob Jacobsen
John Sellowes John Fellowes
Sheod Sanssen Theod: Janssen
amb Page Amb: Page