104.
And to the Marguld y Berittenandi 5f20 Dollan a d y And to the Marquis De Berettieandi 5620 Dollars at 50 1/4
Dollar which comes to the hum of £457 148 king for & Months to the 1 p Dollar which comes to the Sum of £1177,14,18 1/4 being for 3 Months to the 1^st
of this Monthy Ns. And You may draw the Valuy on Mr Coundy &y Gol of this Months NS. and you may draw the Value on M.^r Conrade de Gols
Castier of the South Sia Company at Light, but before or at the same time Cashier of the South Sea Company at Sight, but before, or at the same Time
Yond it You are to Ohin and Stranemt to the louth ta Company they You do it; You are to Obtain and Transmit to the South Sea Company the
Repectivre Receipts of those Gentlemen, Goritten according to the Form Repective Receipts of those Gentlemen, written According to the Form
thy are datd. am they are [dated]. I am
S.^r
Yournot Bomblaer Your most humble Serv.^t
Dy DW
South Sea house South Sea house
London 4 June 1724 London 4 June 1724.
S.^r
Since Our last of the 30th Apt. which you ldery to Since Our last of the 30.^th Ap.^t which you Advise to
have recind are come to hand Yours of the 24th Apt. and 26 May with the have receivd are come to hand Yours of the 24.^th Ap.^t and 26 May with the
Payen indered Particlarty a Cory of the Caper You Receind frm Dr. Papers inclosed Particularly a Copy of the Paper you Receiv'd from D.^r
Terands Ferde ye Montengrs of the Treasury with the Lest of the hims Fernando Verder de Montenegro of the Treasury with the List of the Sums
Weare decired to pay Bis C M Minister in the North and the from We are desired to pay his C. M.^s Ministers in the North and the form
of the Receipts they ary to give us woe Oery ther Appointments are paye of the Receipts they are to give us, we Observe these Appointments are payable
Monthly and Amount to 29 160 Doublons P Ann, which is more tham Monthly and Amount to 29 160 Doublons P Ann, which is more than
anr Apprtended would heve come uponins before the Retitution bfar we Apprehended would heve come upon us before the Restitution Affair
was settled you having intirmated they would not Amount to abory to 1 was Settled you having intimated they would not Amount to above to []
2n dulen which ragudented you ever illing a for to pary lenmnen 12/m dublons which we acquainted you we were willing so far to pay, however
a Mr Sarhope is of Opinion thee payments shanld not he Retared as M.^r Stanhope is of Opinion these payments should not be Retarded
And And