of vi/ ad y Ton for our sd Canary Ships buithen, for of 17 1/2 2.^d: p Fon for our p.^d Canary Ships [Butchon], for
the Semmary of Mariners of Pevil, concerning which the Semmary of Mariners of Pevil, concerning which
M Cugns advises to have Commenced a fuit, & is orderd M.^r: Comyns advises to have Commenced a fact, & is orderd
to deposit the same until it is determined by His C.M to deposit the same until it is determined by His C:M:
which you will also sollucit that it may be in the Comp. which you will also sollicit that it may be in the Compas=
fadour. le ace favour. We are
Ye Leding Fucend Y:^or Loving Friends
The Coms. of ories pond The Com.^ee: of Correspond=&
Answ 24 Oct. 1718 answ^d: 24 Oct^r: 1718
Ja. Bateman S. G Ja.:Bateman S:G:
John Fellowes John Fellowes
Robert Cluester Robert Chester
London 17th September 1718 London 17.^th September 1718.
Mr. Bowles M.^r Bowles
Weconsidering that the 1t November is We considering that the 1.^st November is
Approaipig. on which the half yearly payment upon the Assiento Approaching, on which the half yearly payment upon the assiento
would become due had there been no Interuption in our Comerce, would become due had there been no Interuption in our Comerce,
We hepe His CM will not expect that ready compliance therewith which We hope His CM will not expect that ready compliance therewith which
We have formerly shewn and should continue were Our affairs cun. But We have formerly shown and should continue were Our affairs curr.^t But
if any Demand be made upon you for the same you may give for if any Demand be made upon you for the same you may give for
Answer that you are not chabled nor directed to pay any part thereof, Answer that you are not enabled nor directed to pay any part thereof,
and weare Persuaded that when his CM. and his Munsters consider and we are Persuaded that when his CM: and his Minsters consider
the present posture of Affairs and their refusal of the ledula for the the present posture of affairs and their refusal of the Cedula for the
Annual ship and delaying the Redress of the many other hardships_ annual ship and delaying the Redress of the many other hardships-
laboured under and complained of. They will not impute this laboured under and complained of. They will not impute this
answer as any want of good faith or Punctuality in usand you answer as any want of good faith or Punctuality in us and you
may fully assure them that as We have hither to carried on the Comeve may fully assure them that as We have further to carried on the Comence
on our Parts with just Sincerity and been exact in Our Payment, on our Parts with just Sincerity and been exact in Our Payments,
So whenever Our affaire are Reastablished upon a Practicable foot So whenever Our affairs are Reastablished upon a Practicable foot
We shall Continue the same. We shall Continue the same.
We We