to be taken by Mr Symon Seatliff an Eminent Mathematician and to be taken by Mr Symon Seatliff an Eminent Mathematician and
Sworn measurer according to the Spanish Rule of measuring ships contained Sworn measurer according to the Spanish Rule of measuring ships contained 
in a Book entitled The Rule of Trade Established in Spain for the in a Book entitled The Rule of Trade Established in Spain for the
Trade in the West Indies in the presence of a notary Puoblick Trade in the West Indies in the presence of a notary Publick
which was printed in Spanish but translated into English by Capt. John which was printed in Spanish but translated into English by Capt^n. John
Stevens. You will do well to endeavour to find that book in Stevens. You will do well to endeavour to find that book in
Spanish, Itseems to be very well done. We inclosed send you Spanish, It seems to be very well done. We inclosed send you
the said dimensions sworn to before My Lord Mayor by the said the said dimensions sworn to before My Lord Mayor by the said
measurer and altested & Legallyed by publick notaries. By which the measurer and attested & Legallyed by publick notaries. By which the
Spanish measurer may be able to compute her Tunage, the same has Spanish measurer may be able to compute her Tunage, the same has
been computed by the said Mathematician according to the Rules cont been computed by the said Mathematician according to the Rules cont^d
in that book which seem very exact & particular and he makes her in that book which seem very exact & particular and he makes her
tunage to be but 623 Tuns100. We have not put into the affadaint tunage to be but 623 Tuns 15/100 We have not put into the affadaint
what Tunage he has computed her at lest he should possibly have what Tunage he has computed her at lest he should possibly have
made some mistake which we hope & think he has not, but We made some mistake which we hope & think he has not, but had  We
sent the Tunage in the affidavit and the same had happend not to sent the Tunage in the affidavit and the same had happend not to
have been cast up exactly right. We feared that might give some have been cast up exactly right. We feared that might give some
diseredit to the affidavit, and for that reason omitted it. But We diseredit to the affidavit, and for that reason omitted it. But We
think these Dimensions sent you in said affidavit are sufficient think these Dimensions sent you in said affidavit are sufficient
for the Spanish measurer to make the Tunage by for the Spanish measurer to make the Tunage by
Inclosed you have the operation of Our measurement for Inclosed you have the operation of Our measurement for
Yor own Government Yo^r own Government
This mithod We took for the greater Dupatch in obtaining the This method We took for the greater Dispatch in obtaining the
Cedula for the ships admission, and as it comes so Well attented We Cedula for the ships admission, and as it comes so Well attented We
hope it will meet with due Credit. You are therefore with Mr hope it will meet with due Credit. You are therefore with Mr
Uarde to make the proper application of this measurement and imploy Ugarde to make the proper application of this measurement and imploy
all your Deligence in Soluciting the said cedula. But if you find it all your Deligence in Soluciting the said cedula. But if you find it
not preuticable to obtain it upon our measurement. Then you are not preuticable to obtain it upon our measurement. Then you are
to pursue the method you have already taken, ingetting an order to pursue the method you have already taken, ingetting an order
for some Person or Persons here to Measure her on the King of for some Person or Persons here to Measure her on the King of
Spain's behalf as you have been directed. Spain's behalf as you have been directed.
You are to lose no time in getting this ledula one way or You are to lose no time in getting this cedula one way or
th other, so much time being already spent, that We are like to be th other, so much time being already spent, that We are like to be
straitned. even tho the Plota should not depart, as you write before straitned. even tho the Plota should not depart, as you write before
the Latter end of June. the Latter end of June.
The The