To James Sym Esqr President and the rest To James Pym Esqr President and the rest
of the Factors for the Royal Assiento Comp of the Factors for the Royal Assiento Comp
of Great Britain at Carthagena of Great Britain at Carthagena
Gentl Gentl
South Seahouse South Sea house
Lond 15th January 177 Lond 15th January 1717
We wrote you at large the 2d. Instant in answer to yor We wrote you at large the 2d. Instant in answer to yor
Several Letters. This serves to inclose His Cath Maj. Cedula for transport Several Letters. This serves to inclose His Cath Majts. Cedula for transport
such part of the Bedford's Cargoe from Carthagena to Portobelo as such part of the Bedford's Cargoe from Carthagena to Portobelo as
you kind proper. A Duplicate of which ledula We send by this you kind proper. A Duplicate of which Cedula We send by this
Conveyance to our agents at Jamaica to be delivered to Captn Jacob of Conveyance to our agents at Jamaica to be delivered to Captn Jacob of
His Majestyship the Diamond whom the Lords of the admiralty have His Majesty ship the Diamond whom the Lords of the admiralty have
ordered to Proceed from Saml to Carth on that Service, copy of which ordered to Proceed from Jama to Cartha on that Service, copy of which
orders are inclosed for yor Government. We have also by this Consgance orders are inclosed for yor Government. We have also by this Conveyance
given the necessary directions to our agents at Jamaica and Pactory given the necessary directions to our agents at Jamaica and Factory
Bedford Cargo, & Lovr of panas at Panama concerning his affair. at Panama concerning his affair.
You are imediately on receipt of this Cedula to Precent You are imediately on receipt of this Cedula to Present
the same and to Lade on board the Dusmond such part of the Bedford's the same and to Lade on board the Diamond such part of the Bedford's
Cargoe as is Proper for Portobelogiving a Certificate that the same Cargoe as is Proper for Portobelo giving a Certificate that the same
6 part of that largoe and such other Certificates as are required by is part of that Cargoe and such other Certificates as are required by
the said cedula, that the Goods may be admitted at Portobelo without the said cedula, that the Goods may be admitted at Portobelo without
any Interuption any Interuption
And whereas Our Panamia Factory have obtaine Licence And whereas Our Panama Factory have obtained Licence
from their President for transporting the 744 Tuns from Samaria in from their President for transporting the 74 1/4 Tuns from Jamaica in
puratiento vessels directly to Portobels under several Limitations our assiento vessels directly to Portobelo under several Limitations
and upon bringing such bouchets & Certificates as are therein mentiones and upon bringing such vouchers & Certificates as are therein mentioned
Inorder to reap the benefit of this Licence We have Pravided a large In order to reap the benefit of this Licence We have Provided a Cargoe
of goods of about that Tunage, and hive hered the thip London, which of goods of about that Tunage, and have hired the ship London, which
is to depart herice the 10th of next month for Samaica to take in Negroes is to depart hence the 10th of next month for Jamaica to take in Negroes
and hence to proceed directly to Partobeto you are therefore by the Man and have to proceed directly to Portobelo you are therefore by the Man
of War to send all the Cestif. & Douchers mentioned in the said Lience of War to send all the Certif. & vouchers mentioned in the said Licence