1t. Head Concerning Merchandize 7th. Head Concerning Merchandize
1st We hope by this time you have pursuant to Our 1st We hope by this time you have pursuant to Our
directions of the 13th December made a considerable progress in directions of the 13th December made a considerable progress in
disposing of the Bedford's Cargoe, and expect you will exert yo disposing of the Bedford's Cargoe, and expect you will exert yor
Selves to the utmost in disposing of what may remain, and that Selves to the utmost in disposing of what may remain, and that
You have or will send to Samaica for such part of the Iron you You have or will send to Jamaica for such part of the Iron you
so Inadvertently sent back thither as is proper for your Parts so Inadvertently sent back thither as is proper for your Parts
concerning which we have given the necessary directions to our concerning which we have given the necessary directions to our
Agents at Jamaica Agents at Jamaica.
2d. We mut Blame you that you have not given us a 2d. We must Blame you that you have not given us a
Sketch of an account with Particulars, what Goods you Sketch of an account with Particulars, what Goods you
have sold and the Prices, to the 15th of August the date of have sold and the Prices, to the 15th of August the date of
yor last Letter yor last Letter
3d As to the disposing such part as remains unsold We 3rd As to the disposing such part as remains unsold We
refer you to the Directions in our said Letter. That you endeav refer you to the Directions in our said Letter. That you endeav^or
to Engage Merchants to come from Panama and other places to Engage Merchants to come from Panama and other places
to take off what is fit for their market, or that you agree to take off what is fit for their market, or that you agree
with some houest & Substantial Merchants of your Place with some honest & Substantial Merchants of your Place
to buy at the best prices you can get taking good Security for to buy at the best prices you can get taking good Security for
what you are obliged to trust. Or that you pursue the practice used what you are obliged to trust. Or that you pursue the practice used
at Cadiz mentioned in our said Letter at Cadiz mentioned in our said Letter
4th We expect by this ship that you will not fail to 4th We expect by this ship that you will not fail to
make as full and ample returns as Possible, as well in respect of make as full and ample returns as Possible, as well in respect of
the Cargoe of Goods as of our negroes. Provisions, Indultes the Cargoe of Goods as of our negroes. Provisions, Indultes
Confiscations Imbargt &ct in Gold Silver Essayd as you Confiscations Imbarg^t &c^a in Gold Silver &Pay'd as you
have been directed, and in Logwood if you can get it at the have been directed, and in Logwood if you can get it at the
price on board herein before Limitted, But send no Tustick price on board herein before Limitted, But send no Fustick
57 We understand one of your Reasons for not sending 5th We understand one of your Reasons for not sending
any of the Goods to Panama was because that Pactory did nt any of the Goods to Panama was because that Factory did not
write you what was proper for that Market, whereas We write you what was proper for that Market, whereas We
are informed they did Give you such an account, and if they are informed they did Give you such an account, and if they
had had