very Extravagant and is more than We allow even at Veralaur where very Extravagant and is more than We allow even at Vera Cruz where
our annual ship comes. you are therefore to endeavour to Revail with our annual ship comes. you are therefore to endeavour to Prevail with
the New Governour whom you writeus you suddenly expect to Acquiesce in a the New Governour whom you write us you suddenly expect to Acquiesce in a
Salary of One housand ps of 19. P Ann. And let the Governour know that Salary of One housand ps of 8/8. & Ann. And let the Governour know that
We shall be ready) to do him all the kind & frieusly) Offices in our Power We shall be ready to do him all the kind & friendly Offices in our Power
And repaliate the favours he may on any occasions have the opportunities of And retaliate the favours he may on any occasions have the opportunities of
doing us in the fiture carrying on of Our Comeru. doing us in the future carrying on of Our Concern.
We are informed that the Pyrates are Generally come in so that We are informed that the Pyrates are Generally come in so that
if the danger be over you may send from time to time such money & if the danger be over you may send from time to time such money &
Affects ar you may have in your hands by Sloops consigned to Our agent Effects ar you may have in your hands by Sloops consigned to Our agent
at Barbadoes not exceeding 20,000 pr dx feach Sloop - We are at Barbadoes not exceeding 20,000 ps 8/8 & each Sloop - We are
Lime writing the aboet is Come to pond your Origin all Lime writing the aboet is Come to pond your Origin all
Letter of the 29 March 718 with the Amount of the Letter of the 29 March 718 with the Amount of the
Mamfartures and piodue of yo Island Which in this Mamfartures and piodue of yo Island Which in this
Loth weenenas'd to be wanting; You woud do well with Loth weenenas'd to be wanting; You woud do well with
overy letter to send a List of the soppere thats eyre Inlard overy letter to send a List of the soppere thats eyre Inlard
De David this Ship rones a Spoin to Young Gonte naned Toarhin De David this Ship rones a Spoin to Young Gonte naned Toarhin
laiin, olois to be at the Comp: Charge whilet in yor Port, for laiin, olois to be at the Comp: Charge whilet in yor Port, for
whit wee donotallow for to bbep the ship above O Day & whit wee donotallow for to bbep the ship above O Day &
to w That you have to do, duing which stime you may lett him to w That you have to do, duing which stime you may lett him
ti to Fartory and Dine if th yau, or in Desault thereof ti to Fartory and Dine if th yau, or in Desault thereof
als e alloawance of a 7o of S P Dlay als e alloawance of a 7o of S P Dlay
Nohitterstonding the Dieerone herein before contained for Nohitterstonding the Dieerone herein before contained for
tepulasing Loguerof to soutt on board this Slapf in her Return from tepulasing Loguerof to soutt on board this Slapf in her Return from
vere fug. Woe have reridered it and would got hare you vere fug. Woe have reridered it and would got hare you
posint ay fortier, Wee having given Dicaone to om vera posint ay fortier, Wee having given Dicaone to om vera
Ay Fatory to lead her as fully af posible with what effect o Ay Fatory to lead her as fully af posible with what effect o
by nck p, which tee hype tey will Accomptisle by nck p, which tee hype tey will Accomptisle
The Sactery own Rect of this in theirs of 10 Nov 1718 The Sactery own Rect of this in theirs of 10 Nov 1718
Mno Tellowes Mno Tellowes
Wm Tillard Wm Tillard
A Raymond A Raymond
Sam Reade Sam Reade
Wm. Morley Wm. Morley
Stephen child Stephen child
Fren Eyles Fren Eyles
Jo gore Jo gore
The Sactery own Rect of this in theirs of 10 Nov 1718 The Sactery own Rect of this in theirs of 10 Nov 1718
Yor Loving Friends Yor Loving Friends
The court of Directors of the The court of Directors of the
South SeaCompany. South SeaCompany.
Saml. Kepheard Dep Saml. Kepheard Dep
John Lambert John Lambert
Wm. Hamond Wm. Hamond
Jacob Jacobien Jacob Jacobien
So Delaporte So Delaporte
Jo: Turnee Jo: Turnee
Wm Astell Wm Astell
R. Horsey R. Horsey
Richd Houlditch Richd Houlditch
South Sea house South Sea house
Mr Bowles Mr Bowles
12th June 1718 12th June 1718
The Court iwrote you the 5th Int. copiy The Court iwrote you the 5th just: copy
inclosed. Since wch is come to hand yo of 6th Curt wth the led inclosed. Since w^ch is come to hand yo.^r of 6th Cur^t w^th the ced^a
for O' Canary ship and ye other waper mentioned to come wth it for O^r Canary ship and y^r other paper mentioned to come w^th it
and observe that the Secry Dr Fos: Rodrigo diowns having reced the and observe that the Secry Dr Jos: Rodrigo diowns having reced the
Athentick Certificate of ye measuremt our Canary ship sent him Authentick Certificate of y.^r measurem.^t our Canary ship sent him
by Sr. Wm. Con. And that this bed is filent as to ye measuremt by S^r. W^m. Eon. And that this ced.^n is silent as to y.^r measurem.^t
However to preventall disputes that may arise about the Turage However to prevent all disputes that may arise about the Turage
We shall send by this ship an Authentick Certif of her measurement We shall send by this ship an Authentick Certif: of her measurement
attented attected