Dial Clock for the Town house and Striking house Clock for the hall Dial Clock for the Town house and Striking house Clock for the hall
where the magntrates meet as you recomend. where the magistrates meet as you recomend.
We have reced f the Constantine a Packet Directed to Mr Sey We have reced P the Constantine a Packet Directed to Mr Sey
Containing Letters for Old Spain put on board by Our agents at Samaica Containing Letters for Old Spain put on board by Our agents at Jamaica
which they write us they reced from Portobelo. We shall be Punctual which they write us they reced from Portobelo. We shall be Punctual
in forwarding them. We remain in forwarding them. We remain
Answd 10 May 1713 Answd 10 May 1713
To Loong Frends he Court of To Loong Frends he Court of
Directors of the South Sea Company Directors of the South Sea Company
Ja Bateman SG. Ja Bateman SG.
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
Jacob Sawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
cam hepheard Dep. cam hepheard Dep.
Sam Rerde Sam Rerde
Ro Horsey Ro Horsey
Geo: Casal Geo: Casal
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Danl Hays Danl Hays
I Raymond I Raymond
Cha Joye Cha Joye
Theo Sanpen Theo Sanpen
N. Turley N. Turley
S Gibbon S Gibbon
Robert Cheiter Robert Cheiter
Pacob Jacobten Pacob Jacobten
Richd Houlditch Richd Houlditch
P.S P.S
& ince writing the above are come to hand amongst & Since writing the above are come to hand amongst
other Papers, other Papers,
The Autos relating to the 69, & demanded mon by the The Autos relating to the 697 $ demanded more by the
Guarde Mayr on Slaves seized before yor arrival Guarde Mayr on Slaves seized before yor arrival
Actor for recovering 612/ I reced by he Roy off Autos for recovering 612 1/2 $ reced by he Royl offrs
from the Propt of Slaves indulted. from the Propt of Slaves indulted.
Autos about the Goods coming into Carth by Eschevere Autos about the Goods coming into Cartha by Eschevere
List of Papers sent with the foregoing Letter to Panama List of Papers sent with the foregoing Letter to Panama
Copy of the Last Letter Copy of the Last Letter
Two Gazettes ot the K. Proclamatr abt Pyrates with an account of the force Two Gazettes ot the K. Proclamatr abt Pyrates with an account of the force
ordered for Suppressing them ordered for Suppressing them
Duplicate of Cedulaag the Duty of 22 pt inpored on the Buyors of Negroes Duplicate of Cedula agt the Duty of 2 1/2 p Ct imposed on the Buyers of Negroes
Simple Copy of aledule that all Regroes taken as prize shall be sold to the Simple Copy of a Cedula that all Negroes taken as prize shall be sold to the
Co. Factors at the rate of 110f p pr india Co. Factors at the rate of 110 $ p ps india
Three Letters 1 to Mr Grunee & 2 to Mr Wellden Three Letters 1 to Mr Grimes & 2 to Mr Wellden
South Sea house South Sea house
Messrs Tomgson Pater Messrs Tomgson Pater
& Harelwood & Harelwood
Lond: 30 October 1717. Lond: 30 October 1717.
The Inlosed is on the Partiular Service of The Inlosed is on the Partiular Service of