4th We also note that on Mr Cumberleges return to Cuba The 4th We also note that on Mr Cumberleges return to Cuba The
Indulto was to be set on foot there, and that the Indulto for Carthagene Indulto was to be set on foot there, and that the Indulto for Carthagena
was Published the 20th Cunt which We suppose you mean the 20th was Published the 20th Currt which We suppose you mean the 20th
July last. The Letter wherein you advise us of it being dated but July last. The Letter wherein you advise us of it being dated but
the 3d of August. We admire that notwith standing the repeated the 3d of August. We admire that notwithstanding the repeated
orders We have given you, it has been delayed so long and expect orders We have given you, it has been delayed so long and expect
You will be the more diligent in your enquiries that We may have You will be the more diligent in your enquiries that We may have
all Possible advantages from it. all Possible advantages from it.
We approve yos design of Prosecuting Mr Garvys 5th We approve yor design of Prosecuting Mr Garvys
an account of Illicit Introductions of Nagroes at Cuba after the on account of Illicit Introductions of Negroes at Cuba after the
Expiration of the French assuento, and direct you to do so by Expiration of the French assiento, and direct you to do so by
all others in the Like lases. all others in the Like Cases.
4th Head Concerning other Cedulas 4th Head Concerning other Cedulas
We have reced the abstract you sent f the Bedford of We have reced the abstract you sent P the Bedford of
such Cedulas belonging to former Assientes as could be met with in such Cedulas belonging to former Assientos as could be met with in
Your Reg:-- We shall examine into them and endeavour Your Regr-- We shall examine into them and endeavour
to Obtain such as are necessary to be taken out. But you will to Obtain such as are necessary to be taken out. But you will
observe that We are to enjoy all Priviledges granted to former observe that We are to enjoy all Priviledges granted to former
assientists whether We take out new Cedulas or not, The same assientists whether We take out new Cedulas or not, The same
being Stipulated by our Present Assiento, Articles 39 & 42 so being Stipulated by our Present Assiento, Articles 39 & 42 so
whether we take su out or not that you are to inform yor selves of all advantages that may oune that you are to inform yor selves of all advantages that may arise
to the Company from any of them, and make use thereof, so as shall to the Company from any of them, and make use thereof, so as shall
be most for their advantage be most for their advantages
5th head Concerning Shiping 5th head Concerning Shiping
We acquainted you in Our last with Our design of 1st We acquainted you in Our last with Our design of
sending you a ship from hence to touch at Famaica for negroes sending you a ship from hence to touch at Jamaica for negroes
and to bring home Our Effects, and accordingly We have freighted and to bring home Our Effects, and accordingly We have freighted
the Herbeet Galley Captn David Greenhill buthen about 400 the Herbert Galley Captn David Greenhill burthen about 400
tuns 24 Guns and 50 Men Totake in at Famaica the tuns 24 Guns and 50 Men To take in at Jamaica the
Negroes. Negroes.