which you won't omit to send us f your next for at Madris all allegations which you won't omit to send us f your next for at Madrid all allegations
without attected Certificates are of no Avail. We shall send thither the autos without attected Certificates are of no Avail. We shall send thither the autos
relating to this Matter with the Proper Directions relating to this Matter with the Proper Directions
23 He observe how the King of Spain became indebted to Us for 23 He observe how the King of Spain became indebted to Us for
Slaves seized at Panama and Portobels since Ourassicnts and have Slaves seized at Panama and Portobelo since Our assiento and have
reced the Certificate that the Money is not paid nor will be the read the Certificate that the Money is not paid nor will be the
Royal Coftes being Millions in debt also Panto of what slave Royal Coffers being Millions in debt also Tanto of what slaves
the Prenche leized in Our Time. Abstract whereof you sent us the French seized in Our Time. Abstract whereof you sent us
accot. of wt the Fr serd in our i vo 20th Febry 1716 in yors 20th Febry 1716
24 A to all imbargmt whether of money). Houses. Lands 24 As to all imbargmt whether of money. Houses. Lands
Regroes Goods & ct on account of Clandertine Importations or Indutto Negroes Goods & ca set on account of Clandestine Importations or Indultos
you are not to Omit pursuant to our Directions and by Vertue of you are not to Omit pursuant to our Directions and by Vertue of
the 18 & 37t art of the Assients and the Generalledule of July the 18 & 37th art of the Assients and the General Cedula of July
1713. which you had with you for proclaiming the Indulto to demand 1713. which you had with you for proclaiming the Indulto to demand
the same or their value in the name of the Company of the Gov the same or their value in the name of the Company of the Gov
Royr. officers, or whom else it may concern and ou refusal to Royl officers, or whom else it may concern and on refusal to
send us notarial attested Certificates that We may be enabled to send us notarial attested Certificates that We may be enabled to
apply for the Proper Cedulas for recovering the same apply for the Proper Cedulas for recovering the same
25 Youare also in all cases as matters of Dispute arise in 25 You are also in all cases as matters of Dispute arise in
relation to the Affairs of the Assients to refer such matters to your relation to the Affairs of the Assiento to refer such matters to your
Judge contervator who is the only Proper Person to determine them Judge contervator who is the only Proper Person to determine them
and in case he gives Judgment against you. and you find just and in case he gives Judgment against you. and you find just
cause not tostand to his Determination then youare at Liberty cause not to stand to his Determination then you are at Liberty
to appeal to the King of Spain in his conncil of Indies- to appeal to the King of Spain in his council of Indies-
according to the Contract, But in Case he gives it for you and according to the Contract, But in Case he gives it for you and
any Royr. audiencia President Royal officers & should interfere of any Royal audiencia President Royal officers & should interfere of
obstruct the Execution of hir sentence. You are to send us atteted obstruct the Execution of his sentence. You are to send us attented
Certificates of it that we may have redress, you areas much a may be Certificates of it that we may have redress, you are as much a may be
to put it upon them to be the Appellants which ise take to be the to put it upon them to be the Appellants which we take to be the
more Regular & easy way and mnay free us from the Extraordiay more Regular & easy way and may free us from the Extraordinary
Charge and trouble that attends our appealing and may be a Charge and trouble that attends our appealing and may be a
means the Better to get the several Imbargmts into your means the Better to get the several Imbargmts into your
hands hands