to St Domingo psuant to the King of Spains Cedule in that behalf to St Domingo prsuant to the King of Spains Cedula in that behalf
We hope by this Time you have Compleand the Number And it We hope by this Time you have Compleatd the Number And if
not that you will take Care to Do it within the Limilled That we not that you will take Care to Do it within the Limited time That we
May not be Rarged, with not punctually Complying with our May not be Charged, with not punctually Complying with our
Engagem. And bring us the Original Rec. for the same And also Engagements. And bring us the Original Rects for the same And also
the Regulations of them the Regulations of them
We wish you aprosperous Voyage and remain We wish you a prosperous Voyage and remain
Your Loving Freinds Your Loving Freinds
The Court of Directors of the South The Court of Directors of the South
Sea Company Sea Company
Sam Skepheard DG Sam Shepheard DG
Geo: Caswall Geo: Caswall
Trabyles Fra Eyles
Ino you Jno Gore
Robt Freshr Robt Chester
Helaymend H Raymond
Jacob Lawbridge Jacob Lawbridge
Henry Durley Henry Dusley
Po. Delaport P. Delaport
Sam Read Saml Read
Thoo Janssen Thoo Janssen
Richard Horsey Richard Horsey
Damiel Hays Daniel Hays
In Blunt Jno Blunt
Will Hamond Willa Hamond
Fellowy Jno Fellows
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Cha. Joye Chas. Joye
South Sea House South Sea House
Londen 6 Feby 1716 London 6 Feby 1716
Mel. Thompson Messrs. Thompson
Featter & Stazelwood Pratter & Hazelwood
Gent Gentn
Our Last to you was the 19 Decr Copy of Our Last to you was the 19 Decr Copy of
which is inclosed which we Confirm We Have Since rec yours which is inclosed which we Confirm We Have Since rec^d yours
of the 14 July 1 &9 Aug. 1 & 15 Sepr 12 Octr 12 Novr of the 14 July 1 & 9 Aug. 1 & 15 Sepr 12 Octr 12 Novr
We Note your Dispatching the King Tolom We Note your Dispatching the King Solomn
with 289 Negros for porto Bello As Also te pearl Gally with 149 with 289 Negros for Porto Bello As Also the Pearl Gally with 149
Negros for the same place, After taking out the rrefuse Which Negros for the same place, After taking out the Refuses Which
We should be Glad you had Supplied, not only because our Tananc We should be Glad you had Supplied, not only because our Panama
Factory Advise us of the Want of them, but also for that We are oblieed Factory Advise us of the Want of them, but also for that We are obliged
by Our Rarter Paitys to Pay Freight for the whole Number Brd by Our charter Partys to Pay Freight for the whole Number Brot
to Jamaices. Tho We Cannot but approve the not doing on it has to Jamaica. Tho We Cannot but approve the not doing on it has
for for