As for the Coute rcommended by Mrs. Johnon fo hiling he As for the Coute recommended by Mrs. Johnson forbidding he
Rey ir Gorenours taking the Companys Tresure without Consent heatin theys as Governours taking the Companys Treasure without Consent heading
A Cedula recomauded to be A Cedula recomauded to be
for a Cdula that you may not be holld, so that when a proof of this for a Cedula that you may not be holld, so that when a proof of this
procuied, abourd. procuied, abourd.
Nature Comes, We must Complain and not before Nature Comes, We must Complain and not before
Concerning Accounts Concerning Accounts
Weshure the Several Remittances you made to Tamaica and Wes observe the Several Remittances you made to Jamaica and
have Received the Gold florr and Cascanlla you sent Uts by the Royal have Received the Gold Silver and Cascanlla you sent Uts by the Royal
288 Cheats of Gold and Silver 288 Cheats of Gold and Silver
Gerge tha.. George Vizt..
recittances by the Royal recittances by the Royal
18 taks wrought plate 18 taks wrought plate
Gearge. Gearge.
51 Peys Silver 51 Peys Silver
195 Surr of Cascanlla 195 Surr of Cascanlla
In Cxamining Your Invoyce of Gold and Selver of the Rngt In examining Your Invoyce of Gold and Silver of the Royal
George the Note the following Corrs That in Cuat No. 191 2252 pte George the Note the following Erros That in Chat No. 191 2252 pte
romarks made by the Auong romarks made by the Auong
Ridned to Handard 5662. 6. 10 fast at 212 4 P Castilit make but ffobe2 Reduced to standard 5662. 6. 10 fast at 212 4 P Castilit make but ffobe2
so that there is f2 5r over fast, and likewise in the same parcell is an ore so that there is f2 5r over fast, and likewise in the same parcell is an over
Adition of £1974 which together makes of 19765 to the Companys prepute Adition of £1974 which together makes of 19765 to the Companys prejudice
We lekewise Observe that there is co. &2. Siloer Chargaly We likewise Observe that there is 1000. &2. Silver Chargaly
ye Mark when in former Accounts from Yours Factory referd to the findur- ye Mark when in former Accounts from Yours Factory referrd to the findur-
more thanp 2 to f 25 Charged for hrgn Selown how this Diffence arau more thanp 8 1/2 to $1.5 charged for virgin Silver how this Diffence arrises
You oright to explain You might to explain
In the Percell A B barde the Companys mark Gurarghe In the Percell A B barde the Companys mark Gurarghe
lag Seald gr ft the rest in Gold, and Again Gold &122 without lag Seald gr ft the rest in Gold, and Again Gold &122 without
particulars of Sorts or the Weight The like in the following parcll as the particulars of Sorts or the Weight The like 'in the following parcell as to
Sundry speces of Setor froes From such Genral Preadings tis Impette Sundry species of Silver and2000 From such General Proceedings his Impossible
Wean know hee Our Goldor Sitorr Answers as to Wight or Falles Gonnat We can know how Our Gold or Silver Answers as to Weight or Falles Gonnat
thure fore te more particular for the future therefore te more particular for the future
We have tarther to Comptain of the Great Eiantity of hale We have farther to Complain of the Great Quantity of hale
Sent, which is a Grat loss in the Returns and Ought to be provided Sent, which is a Great loss in the Returns and Ought to be provided
againt with Respect to Your Contracts, And what small Money ofhe againt with Respect to Your Contracts, And what small Money you