Iamaicu with the Certificates for introducing the 744 Tuns at Portobels Jamaica  with the Certificates for introducing the 74 1/4 Tuns at Porto belo
And the man of War is to Proceed according to the Admiralty's Order to And the man of War is to Proceed according to the Admiralty's Order to
Portobele with what she can take in and return to Carthagene and Porto belo with what she can take in and return to Carthagena and
take in the rest & carry the same to Portobelo. take in the rest & carry the same to Portobelo.
And to prevent any embarassments which may happen And to prevent any embarassments which may happen
We have as well by Our own Letter to the Comander of the man of We have as well by Our own Letter to the Comander of the man of
War as by our agents at Samaica earnestly recomended it to him that War as by our agents at Jamaica earnestly recomended it to him that
he will not on any account whatsoever carry any goods to the Spanish he will not on any account whatsoever carry any goods to the Spanish
West Indies, other thanthose he shall take in at Carthagena for West Indies, other than those he shall take in at Carthagena for
the Company, and for his Services herein at his return to Jamaica the Company, and for his Services herein at his return to Jamaica
We have ordered our agents to give him such a Reward as they shall We have ordered our agents to give him such a Reward as they shall
judge to be reasonable. And fortheir Information in that repect judge to be reasonable. And fortheir Information in that respect
Youare to inform them of the Captains conduct in this Affair. We You are to inform them of the Captains conduct in this Affair. We
have given the like caution to our agents at Jamaica against the Slose. have given the like caution to our agents at Jamaica against the Sloop.
carrying any Goods to the Spanish West Indies, binding the Comander carrying any Goods to the Spanish West Indies, guiding the Comander
strictly not to do it on forfeiture of all his Treight, and other strictly not to do it on for future of all his freight, and other
Penalties, which shall be Interted. This is also what you are Penalties, which shall be Interted. This is also what you are
Particularly to examine into on his Arrival and acquaint Our Particularly to examine into on his Arrival and acquaint Our
Agents at Jamaica therewith. We are Agents at Jamaica therewith. We are
Yo Loving Friend Yo^r Loving Friend
Ja Bateman SubGov Ja Bateman Sub Gov^r
Pih Tenih Tish Fench
Sam Shepheard Dep Sam Shepheard Dep^y.
Jno Fellowe Jno Fellowes
Fra. Hawes Fra. Hawes
Thead: Sanssen Thead: Ianfren
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Wm Chapnan Wm Chapman
Fran Eyles Fran Eyles
Robert Claster Robert Claster
Jon Gore Jon Gore
Jacob Jacobren Jacob Jacobren
Chas Joye Chas Joye
Rd Houlditch Rd Houlditch
A Raymond A Raymond
Jno Blunt Jno Blunt
Jawb Lawbridge Jawb Lawbridge
Papers onclosed Capers inclosed
Cerale for Transport the Ceralu for Transport the
Detforts Goodd from farth to Bedfords Goods from farth to
Pos to Bils Pos to Bils
Copy of the Admiralys Ordr to Copy of the Admiralys Ordr to
the Comnd of the Diamand the Comnd of the Diamand
Answerd 30 June 1718 Answerd 30 June 1718