them by the Cert and fiust Conveyonce And also That in one Name yon wite to them by the Cert and fiust Conveyonce And also That in one Name yon wite to
the Governour of Tebasto and suck others as may be concerned that they may the Governour of Tebasto and suck others as may be concerned that they may
be poitted to Ceno to veora siy and from theme lett them take their passage be poitted to Ceno to veora siy and from theme lett them take their passage
for Great Artam or Jamaira by the Herbert or other of one sthipse, and for Great Artam or Jamaira by the Herbert or other of one sthipse, and
in Case they have Orasion for Meney on this Account You may disburse in Case they have Orasion for Meney on this Account You may disburse
ut according 40 se 50 Sending us Roapts for what you shall so Disbanr ut according 40 se 50 Sending us Roapts for what you shall so Disbanr
Papers that went with the above letter. Wee remain yor Loving Tuerg The Cent Papers that went with the above letter
Letter undera Flyiy Seal to the Margde Valers Letter undera Flyiy Seal to the Margde Valers
Dr to Dr Janes Messia Gov of &Crur Dr to Dr Janes Messia Gov of &Crur
Do to the Royal Officers Do to the Royal Officers
Cedulafora Genl Indulto as well before as sac Cedulafora Genl Indulto as well before as sac
Comencimt present assiente Comencimt present assiente
Cedula for prize Negros Cedula for prize Negros
Cedula for Expulsion Freact Factors Cedula for Expulsion Freact Factors
Acct of Sales of 2 Sirrons of Cochineal Acct of Sales of 2 Sirrons of Cochineal
for acct Hfastory for acct Hfastory
Cony of the Charke party Cony of the Charke party
Copy of 2 Letters from the Gonl. of Ver Cuir Copy of 2 Letters from the Gonl. of Ver Cuir
& Heatt of Actos & Heatt of Actos
Invoice & Bill of Lading of Stationary ware Invoice & Bill of Lading of Stationary ware
Mr Parmyters Representation & Letters relat thereto Mr Parmyters Representation & Letters relat thereto
Rest Ownd in the Hachry Letter Rest Ownd in the Hachry Letter
25 Oct 1218 25 Oct 1218
of the Herbert Gally which P the Herbert Gally which
Saild 20 June 1718 Saild 20 June 1718
Papers that went with the above letter. Wee remain yor Loving Tuerg The Cent Wee remain yor Loving Tuerg The Cent
of Directors of the sooth Sea Compary of Directors of the sooth Sea Compary
Jr: Shpland Dopseor Jr: Shpland Dopseor
Wm Fllard Wm Fllard
John Lombort John Lombort
Dd. Dolaport Dd. Dolaport
Parob Tarobren Parob Tarobren
Arthur Ingran Arthur Ingran
Jo. Trurer Jo. Trurer
Stophen Child Stophen Child
James Edmandson James Edmandson
Jno. Gore Jno. Gore
Fras Homes Fras Homes
Robort Clerter Robort Clerter
Wm Hamged Wm Hamged
Rishard Houlditok Rishard Houlditok
Cas Joye Cas Joye
Ed ye1en Ed ye1en
W. Monley W. Monley
Jn. Blank Jn. Blank
Anbuso Eago Anbuso Eago
Wm. Caphon Wm. Caphon
R: Horsey R: Horsey
Sa Roado Sa Roado
Instructions given by the Cout of Directors of Instructions given by the Court of Directors of
the Governor and Compony of Merchants of Great Aitan the Governor and Compony of Merchants of Great Britain
Teading to the South boas and other parte of America Trading to the South Seas and other parts of America
End for lunomraging the Tishery to Mr Rithard Farril And for Encouraging the Fishery to Mr Ritcard Farril
Mr Wargent Nitholson Fartors and Mr John Garrard Mr Wargent Nicholson Factors and Mr John Garrard
Witol for the said Counany at the Havena Writer for the said Company at the Havana
South Sea House South Sea House
London 12 June 1718 London 12 June 1718
We the Cont f Distae of the sad Conpany wepaing pill We the Court of Directors of the said Company reposing special 
Ce. spene Confidence