Judges Conservators as aforesaid, that you get a ledule. whereby a Judges Conservators as aforesaid, that you get a Cedula. whereby a
certificate under the hand of a Perion of Credit of the proper Officers certificate under the hand of a Person of Credit of the proper Officers
refusing Ue Authentick Testimonies as demanded, may be deemed Autheuhich refusing Ue Authentick Testimonies as demanded, may be deemed Autheuhich
in the council of Indies. without which we are absolutely in their fower in the council of Indies. without which we are absolutely in their fower
and without hopes of Redress. and without hopes of Redress.
As to the General Cedula of Indults to extend to Negroes As to the General Cedula of Indults to extend to Negroes
illegally introduced as well before as since our assients. We hope youl illegally introduced as well before as since our assients. We hope youl
be able to obtain it. the Ministers in the Weit Indies having writ to the be able to obtain it. the Ministers in the Weit Indies having writ to the
Court of Spain on that head. Setting forth the mutual advantages st. Court of Spain on that head. Setting forth the mutual advantages st.
will thereby accrue to his cath. Maj t acwell as to the Company, an will thereby accrue to his cath. Maj t acwell as to the Company, an
seeing as you write the King of Spain: cau get nothing by refusing it seeing as you write the King of Spain: cau get nothing by refusing it
we would have you draw up a Memorial in the best manner you we would have you draw up a Memorial in the best manner you
can with the assistance of Mr Uardi and present it in a Proper can with the assistance of Mr Uardi and present it in a Proper
time. time.
(The autos relating to Capt: conres's Afair. We sent by tiging (The autos relating to Capt: conres's Afair. We sent by tiging
to eadiz to Messrs John & Saml Pitt to be forwarded to you upon which to eadiz to Messrs John & Saml Pitt to be forwarded to you upon which
you will pursue the directions We gave you in Oure of the 6th June you will pursue the directions We gave you in Oure of the 6th June
Inclosed are receipts for the 100 Negroes pr India delivered Inclosed are receipts for the 100 Negroes pr India delivered
to the President of Sd Domingo pursuant to the King of Spains Cedula to the President of Sd Domingo pursuant to the King of Spains Cedula
Our agents write us that his cath Majeity has been also acquainted by Our agents write us that his cath Majeity has been also acquainted by
Letter that the same has been comply'd with you will make the Letter that the same has been comply'd with you will make the
proper use of these Receipts in order to receive the 30000 P being iy proper use of these Receipts in order to receive the 30000 P being iy
amount of the Negroes at the Price stipulated. in discount of duky amount of the Negroes at the Price stipulated. in discount of duky
out of the next payment. out of the next payment.
We are sony you have not been able to obtain the ledula We are sony you have not been able to obtain the ledula
against the aleavala's, in time to go by the Royal Prince: never against the aleavala's, in time to go by the Royal Prince: never
theless would have you forward it with all dispatch that We may theless would have you forward it with all dispatch that We may
Codula agr Alcavales & for peing send it as soon after as may fe. and that therein be inserted that the Codula agr Alcavales & for peing send it as soon after as may fe. and that therein be inserted that the
Produce of our Goods by the annual ship be free of all duties in the Produce of our Goods by the annual ship be free of all duties in the
Indies according to the true meaning of the 42d art, that we may Indies according to the true meaning of the 42d art, that we may
meet with ho difficulty in shiping our returns. meet with ho difficulty in shiping our returns.
We hope youl be able to obtain this explanation in Our We hope youl be able to obtain this explanation in Our
favour favour