To Gilberto Grimes Esqr. Pesid And To Gilbert Grimes Esq^. Pesid:^t And
the Rest of the Factors of the Royal the Rest of the Factors of the Royal
Assients Company of Great Brit Assiento Company of Great Brit:^n
at Panama & Postobelo at Panama & Postobelo
South Sea house South Sea house
Genter Gent^m 
London 20th February 1777 London 20th February 1777
We wrote you bia Tamaied the 2d 5 1t. Jaruary We wrote you via jamaica the 2^d & 15.th Jaruary
of the Sarah Captn Atchison with Duplicate of the Ludlow Castle man of of the Sarah Capt^n Atchison with Duplicate of the Ludlow Castle man of
War Capt. Whitworth. The first being answer to all your Letters then War Capt. Whitworth. The first being answer to all your Letters then
come to hand and the Latter giving account of what dispositions We come to hand and the Latter giving account of what dispositions We
had made as well for transporting the Bedford's Goods from Carthagena had made as well for transporting the Bedford's Goods from Carthagena
to Portobelo pursuant to the King of Spains Cedula, as also for sending to Portobelo pursuant to the King of Spains Cedula, as also for sending
the Goods from Damnica to Cortobels. the Goods from jamaica to port belo
As to the directions We have given for transporting As to the directions We have given for transporting
the Goods from Casthagena to Cortobelo. We confrem the same, And are the Goods from Cathagena to portobelo. We confirm the same, And are
Inlys lory of the Ord to the Comand to acquaint you That the Adminilty have since given Orders (eopy) to acquaint you That the Adminilty have since given Orders Copy 
inclosed) to the Comander of the Ludlow lastle to a ssit the Diamond paw inclosed to the Comander of the Ludlow castle to assist the Diamond man
of War in that service. But as our intention was only to have One of War in that service: But as Our intention was only to have One
Man of War, and our Application to the Admiralty for the Ludlow Man of War, and Our Application to the Admitalty for the Ludlow
Catle was only in Case the Diamond should by any meant be Prevented Castle was only in Case the Diamond should by any means be Prevented
from Roceeding. We have given directions to our agents at Irmaica from Proceeding. We have given directions to Our agents at Jamaica
That in Case one of the said Men of War shall be gone on this Service That in Case one of the said Men of War shall be gone on this Service
that then the other is not to prdced. that then the other is not to proceed.
As to thei ending the Goods from Samaica to As to there sending the Goods from jamaica to
Cotobelo We have reconsiderd it, and have thought proper to atter Potobelo We have reconsiderd it, and have thought proper to alter
Our Resolution, and not to send any Part of them at Present, and Our Resolution, and not to send any Part of them at Present, and
to this Purpose We how write to Our agents at Famaica & Factors at to this Purpose We how write to Our agents at Jamaica & Factors at
Carthagena. So thatyou are not to Stir in this matter or take out any Carthagena. So thatyou are not to Stir in this matter or take out any
Certificate for their admission; but on Arrival of the Bedford's Goods Certificate for their admission; but on Arrival of the Bedford's Goods
from Castlagena uee all Possible diligence in Selling the same, from Cartagena we all Possible diligence in Selling the same,
It importing us very much That Our Warchouses be empty on Arrivel It importing us very much That Our Warehouses be empty on Arrivel