9 And as for the Done, when they Cone give them a Family Dimon 9 And as for the Done, when they Cone give them a Family Dimon
and what that may Amountte, wee are Contented You may being trom ancot and what that may Amountte, wee are Contented You may being trom ancot
Warenan Your Loing Fronds Warenan Your Loing Fronds
P you have herewith a Letter from PS you have herewith a Letter from
S Comcon his Cath May Dorsetr hre to S Comcon his Cath May Dorsetr hre to
Your Govd for Moderating the Extravg. Your Govd for Moderating the Extravg.
Port Charges, which you will take Cris Port Charges, which you will take Cris
to Doliwer to Doliwer
List of the Sed Papers List of the Sed Papers
encdlosed. encdlosed.
Cony of the Last Letter Dated 2 Janl 1717 Cony of the Last Letter Dated 2 Janl 1717
Inooice & Bill of Lading of the Framc Inooice & Bill of Lading of the Framc
of the sloof amount to 380 of the sloof amount to 380
with a Rec of Iseacl Brown for 120 Widge with a Rec of Iseacl Brown for 120 Widge
Shipd after Signing Wills of Lading Shipd after Signing Wills of Lading
Indoice of the Stores & Medicins amount Indoice of the Stores & Medicins amount
to 290 with Bill of Lading for Do to 290 with Bill of Lading for Do
GenCeoules for an Indulto on all Negros Gen Ceodulas for an Indulto on all Negros
Illicitly Imported as well before as Since Illicitly Imported as well before or Since
the present assients the present assiento
Letter from the C to Do Brunode Lavala Letter from the Co to Do Brunode Lavala
the Governr of Duenos Ayrss the Governr of Duenos Ayrss
Letter to the Late Govd Dr Balthagar Letter to the Late Govd Dr Balthagar
GaresaRoss GaresaRoss
Letter to Mr Dubison Letter to Mr Dubison
Letter from St Wm Con this pan Direct Letter from St Wm Con this pan Direct
to the Govr of Bunos Ayres for Modrrat to the Govr of Bunos Ayres for Modrrat
Porthulps Porthulps
J Ptt Diectord of the J Ptt Diectord of the
Soith Ha Co Soith Ha Co
Jo. Botoma SulGen Jo. Botoma SulGen
Sam Sephoard Dept Sam Sephoard Dept
H Lboct H Lboct
Ro Chaphin Ro Chaphin
M. Conde M. Conde
Frar Leased Frar Leased
Dir. Holdtoh Dir. Holdtoh
A. Iugion A. Iugion
R. SHorsey R. SHorsey
Charlod Tox Charlod Tox
Tea Ey Tea Ey
Wm Marley Wm Marley
Do Doseport Do Doseport
Wm Rarnon Wm Rarnon
Jap Surner Jap Surner
James Edmandson James Edmandson
Wm Fillard Wm Fillard
L. Blackoll L. Blackoll
Letter from St Wm Con this pan Direct Letter from St Wm Con this pan Direct
to the Govr of Bunos Ayres for Modrrat to the Govr of Bunos Ayres for Modrrat