We must leave it to your Prudence to Treat and Gratify the We must leave it to your Prudence to Treat and Gratify the
admiral or Vice Admiral, which of them measures the Royal Prince admiral or Vice Admiral, which of them measures the Royal Prince
as may make hin easy and Ready to Oblige you in that or any as may make hin easy and Ready to Oblige you in that or any
other Matter other Matter
The Admiral of Barlivento we hear was very Serviceable The Admiral of Barlivento we hear was very Serviceable
Grarify the Admural of Barleoan in assisting & Preserving the Elizabeth, you will not fail in our in assisting & Preserving the Elizabeth, you will not fail in our
Name to make him acknowledgemt as you Shall Judge Proper Name to make him acknowledgemt as you Shall Judge Proper
The Governmt of the Fort Sr John DUlva must also The Governmt of the Fort Sr John D'Ulva must also
have some Present made him agreeable to the Kindness he may have some Present made him agreeable to the Kindness he may
Tis Plainto us that the Return of the Produce of Tis Plain to us that the Return of the Produce of
our Annual Ship is to be free of all Dutys homewards as well as our Annual Ship is to be free of all Dutys homewards as well as
the Goods inwaeds, whether the said Rtuens be Shipd on Board the Goods inwards, whether the said Returns be Shipd on Board
the said Annual Ship or any others but you must Certify to the the said Annual Ship or any others but you must Certify to the
Royal Officers that Such Returns are the real Croduce of the Royal Officers that Such Returns are the real Produce of the
Cargo Cargo
By order of the Court By order of the Court
of Drectors of Drectors
Jury J Ury
Adist of the Companys Packet of the Royd Ormnie A List of the Companys Packet of the Royd Ormnie
No. 1 Cops of the last Letter dot 8 Fe6. 1716 No. 1 Cops of the last Letter dot 8 Fe6. 1716
15 Jao &all of Lating of Gree Dec &c on favid the Cleakfalley for 15 Jao &all of Lating of Gree Dec &c on favid the Cleakfalley for
extertain the Adm of the Tote N Rihros s arred p hehs ofrea store extertain the Adm of the Tote N Rihros s arred p hehs ofrea store
2 The Co. Lie of the Roy Prince 2 The Co. Lie of the Roy Prince
16 2 farting t of tat in b therl Traice with o Men sln onen ye dtitat 16 2 farting t of tat in b therl Traice with o Men sln onen ye dtitat
3. Inv of the Rwf Privces Coggoe contained 3. Inv of the Rwf Privces Coggoe contained
ii a Book ii a Book
17 Copy of he Instruction to Capt. Rapand of the Roy. Prince 17 Copy of he Instruction to Capt. Rapand of the Roy. Prince
1 Billof Lading for the same 1 Billof Lading for the same
1 Do to Capt. Tesson of the Sarah Galley. 1 Do to Capt. Tesson of the Sarah Galley.
& Doe of Pattern of the Marteen Goods & Doe of Pattern of the Marteen Goods
Dyteake of the da ht rerch the Go & Ay Officers hell ben towe to pet Dyteake of the da ht rerch the Go & Ay Officers hell ben towe to pet
Hine wbank Hine wbank
Guards on the Companys sheps. Guards on the Companys sheps.
5 New Convention 5 New Convention
20 Duliate of the ledla Pribting he Oie sly Genl of he Teh nc Son 20 Duliate of the ledla Pribting he Oie sly Genl of he Teh nc Son
6 Cdde directed to the Genl of the Festa fr Meusing 6 Cdde directed to the Genl of the Festa fr Meusing
21 Copy of the articles with Mr John Harkins 21 Copy of the articles with Mr John Harkins
the Asq Prince the Asq Prince
22 Apy of Intruction to Mr Jon Horkins 22 Apy of Intruction to Mr Jon Horkins
The dinennon of the Inal Poma tokee by Mr Satleff The dinennon of the Inal Poma tokee by Mr Satleff
23. Mated cepies of the Gerl Contents of the angue o he Royt Ppince 23. Mated cepies of the Gerl Contents of the angue o he Royt Ppince
in the rernue of a notir som to before the Lord Mrgd in the rernue of a notir som to before the Lord Mrgd
24 Gel Satrton thte Fetry wt apy of the 20th by Lecorlekrg th h 24 Gel Satrton thte Fetry wt apy of the 20th by Lecorlekrg th h
The Abcatation of a notary Publick of the taking The Abcatation of a notary Publick of the taking
25 Memonel of the Const what port of the Irsents bey design for the vucc koy 25 Memonel of the Const what port of the Irsents bey design for the vucc koy
the said Dureaned the said Dureaned
tesey beveer tesey beveer
26 Pocket of pan Lres from Seo Perone 26 Pocket of pan Lres from Seo Perone
Dimensions of the Poysl Prince taken by Mr Dimensions of the Poysl Prince taken by Mr
Seetlest with his Aetuction into ow tun Taom to Seetlest with his Aetuction into ow tun Taom to
and attake by a notary and attake by a notary
Lit of the Comp Packet of the Saran Galle Lit of the Comp Packet of the Saran Galle
Pauslation of the rfered Papres of measurement int Pauslation of the rfered Papres of measurement int
10:11:12 10:11:12
A Depleat of the longrnys atte of the Asq rme dad n 1y17 A Depleat of the longrnys atte of the Asq rme dad n 1y17
Spasich authedreated by a poter Spasich authedreated by a poter
Duplicate of Bill of Lading of the hacal Stores &c shipd in the Duplicate of Bill of Lading of the hacal Stores &c shipd in the
Lues fren thelaust to the Mary de valeo the Dake Lues fren thelaust to the Mary de valeo the Dake
Tauh latey. The Invd toing by the loyal Prne. Tauh latey. The Invd toing by the loyal Prne.
DLens telo & higlofficy of ierelie and DLens telo & higlofficy of ierelie and
the admiral of the Tote the admiral of the Tote
Duplicate of Billof Lading for Br Cder &c shpd on Duplicate of Billof Lading for Br Cder &c shpd on
Lies brenthom menkleo to the May de vale Lies brenthom menkleo to the May de vale
the Sarale Gattey for cukitasing the Admirals &c the Sarale Gattey for cukitasing the Admirals &c
the 1900 of aeralue and the Asmrel of he Pt the 1900 of aeralue and the Asmrel of he Pt
The Invoice going by the Royal Prince The Invoice going by the Royal Prince
in fasour of the Company. in fasour of the Company.
Invoice & Bill of Ladins of Naogl Stores Mrsum Invoice & Bill of Ladins of Naogl Stores Mrsum
Pros &cc sydon bist the Sanl Gelley Pros &cc sydon bist the Sanl Gelley