and the money for 2 of them were made good with the King's duties in the and the money for 8 of them were made good with the King's duties in the
account Cunt remittedus and that you had credited our new account for the ther account Curr^t remitted us and that you had credited our new account for the other
2. We also observe that you had been obliged by Your President to pay the 2. We also observe that you had been obliged by Your President to pay the
Balance of the King’s dutice for these 1o slaves being 1296. as p the Copies Balance of the King’s duties for these 10 slaves being 1296 rls as p the Copies
of the Royal officers Rcct. sentues, and had debited our new account for of the Royal officers Rects. sent us, and had debited our new account for
the same. We have reced the account of the Indulto which you say is as the same. We have reced the account of the Indulto which you say is as
it stands in your Books it stands in your Books
We note the Sijustice your Governour did you in obliging you 8 We note the Injustice your Governour did you in obliging you
to pay the duties at Panama without Suffering you to do it by way of to pay the duties at Panama without Suffering you to do it by way of
deduction out of a Greatee sum the Rt officers owe us for the negroes they deduction out of a Greater sum the Rl officers owe us for the negroes they
Seized and another reason is for that if it be as you say that induted Seized. and another reason is for that if it be as you say that indulted
Negroe are to be deemed part of the negroes we are obliged to fursuh Negroes are to be deemed part of the negroes we are obliged to furnish
then it seems reasonable that the duties for such Indulted negroes ought to then it seems reasonable that the duties for such Indulted negroes ought to
be paid with the rest at Madrid. So that you will endeavour to defer- be paid with the rest at Madrid. So that you will endeavour to defer-
paying any more money on this Account till We have tryd Our Tate at paying any more money on this Account till We have tryd Our Fate at
Madrid which we shall advise you of Madrid. which we shall advise you of.
We note wth you write as to the Bribl of 2500 f given to 9 We note wth you write as to the Bribe of 2500 $ given to
your President by lapt Estevan Dias (one of the Cheif that Carried your President by Captn Estevan Dias (one of the Cheif that Carried
Slaves falto) for stifling the Evidence againt an Illicit Trader, and Slaves P alto) for stifling the Evidence againt an Illicit Trader, and
have reced the Pertimony of it. But at this time for the reasons ment have rece'd the Testimony of it. But at this time for the reasons mentd.
in yours of the 5th July last do not think proper to make use of it. in yours of the 5th. July last do not think proper to make use of it.
That you had Petitioned for the Autos against the Ielicit 10  That you had Petitioned for the Autos against the Illicit
Traders but were refused of which yous hould have sent us attisted Certif Traders but were refused of which yours hould have sent us attested Certifs
which te direct you to do in all cases of refuial. That you had no which we direct you to do in all cases of refural. That you had no
hopes of bringing any advantage to us in this Govern time hopes of bringing any advantages to us in this Governrs. time
We observe the Instance you give us of the ill action your 11   We observe the Instance you give us of the ill action your
President served the French Company which appears by the Delacation President served the French Company which appears by the declaration
of their Guard Mayor which you sent us. of their Guard Mayor which you sent us.
We have forwarded yor Roqr. Audrencias Lettee to his 12 We have forwarded yor Royl. Audiencias Letter to his
Catholick Majesty. Catholick Majesty.
We approve the reson yougive for placing Guards in 13      We approve the reason you give for placing Guards in
Bocqueron Bocquezen