Sactory ought either to avoid taking it or get a proportionable Factory ought either to avoid taking it or get a proportionable
Allowance for the Badness We are Allowance for the Badness We are
Yor affectionate Friends Yo^r affectionate Friends
South Sea towe Lond South Sea House Lond^o
The Court of Directors of the The Court of Directors of the
12: Accr 1724 12: Nov 1724
Pouth Sea Company South Sea Company
J Gde Tillieu J G de Tillieus
Edwd Becker Edw^d Becker
John Eyles Sub Gov. John Eyles Sub Gov.^r
T. Ayles T. Ayles
K. Michul K. Michel
Hudge Do Yovs J. Rudge Do Gov^r
H. Ashton H. Ashton
R Wood R Wood
G. Roberts G. Roberts
J. Haubury J. Hanbury
Mr Bowles W Bowles
R. Hophins G. Hopkins
W. Brooke W. Brooke
McRaper M. Raper
R Lewin R Lewin
S. Pitt S. Pitt
W Heath W Heath
SSavile T Savill
S. Burrell P. Burrell
Anud 3 Apt 1725 Answ^d 3 Ap^r 1725
D. S. The day Rune falshiares ling (as en P. S. The Sloop Prince of Asturias being (as we
nagine from Your last advices factually coming hone And the imagine from Your last advices) actually coming home And the
Py Galley Capt Welster hired by us for a Voyage to the Gol Cast Pye Galley Capt Webster hired by us for a Voyage to the Gold Coast
for 230 Neg. to be caried to Yor Island being a Surall Vessel for 230 Negs. to be caried to Yor Island being a Small Vessel
such as We think may be proper for the Comp. Sevrce, Me Direct such as We think may be proper for the Comps. Sevrce, Me Direct
if you should have Occasion, That you employ her accordingly if you should have Occasion, That you employ her accordingly
provided you can Agree wth thesd Master upon reasonable Term provided you can Agree wth the sd Master upon reasonable Term
the Vayage she is news gove upon Expering on her Arrival with the Voyage she is now gone upon Expiring on her Arrival with
You You
Weobferve You keep by You t Original We observe You keep by You y^e Original
F J.R
Invoyces, wth for the future Youl send us Invoyces, w^ch for the future You'l send us
Eo. G R.
P.B. P.B.
as a proof that the Gold & Silver is as a proof that the Gold & Silver is
EB E. B
H.A H.A
Pentically the same you receive and for Identically the Same You receive And for
J.H. J.H.
9G4T JGLT
our better delecting any frauds at our better detecting any frauds at
MR MR
Carthagua keeping by you Copies. Carthagena keeping by You Copies.
W.B. W.B.
:6 S. C
I.S. I.E.
Just Just