We remain We remain
two other Factors at Porto belo two other Factors at Porto belo
Yor Loving Friends the Yo^r Loving Friends the
Court of Directors of the Court of Directors of the
South Sea Company South Sea Company
Tran: Eyles Tran: Eyles
Ja. Bateman Sub Govr Ja. Bateman Sub Govr
Robt Clester Robt: Chester
Sam Shepheard Dep Gov. Sam Shepheard Dep Gov.^r
Plint Blunt:
Geo: Caswale Geo: Caswale
Thos Reynolds Thos Reynolds
Hugh Naymond Hugh Ramond
i Arll M.^r Aitell 
Hares Masters Harco Masters
Saml Reade Sam: Reade
Roer DoRaporle Peter Delaporte
Fellowes Fellowes
Ino In'^o
Wm Wm
Horsey Horsey
Chapman Chapman
Frun Hawses Frun Hawses
Jaccob Taccobsen Jaccob Taccobsen
Jaccob Sawbridge Jaccob Sawbridge
Lam Blackwell Lam Blackwell
South Seattouk 2 Jany 1717/ South Seattouk 2 Jany 1717/
To James Sym Esqr Resident and the Rest To James Pym Esqr Pesident and the Rest
of the Factors for the Royall Assiento Comp of Gent Pritan of the Factors for the Royall Assiento Compa of Great Britian
at Carthagena at Carthagena
Concerning Letters writ & Letters reced Concerning Letters writ & Letters recce'd
Our last was the 61 Oct o the Enterprize Capt Wilhs Our last was the 31th Oct P the Enterprize Capt Wilks
via Jam a Copy Inclosed Since which have Reced yours of the 3 via Jama a Copy Inclosed Since which have Reced yours of the 8Th
Sep f the Herbert wt is Safely arrived wt the Books paper & Acco Sept P the Herbert wch is Safely arrived wth the Books papers & Accot
mention'd in the List also your other Letter of the 25 Sepr and mention'd in the List also your other Letter of the 25th Sept and
another from M. Bumpstead dated in Jam 21 oct last givengan another from Mr. Bumpstead dated in Jama 21 oct last giving an
acco of his proceeding thither and the occession accot of his proceeding thither and the occassion
Your Govr Pacquet to the Marquis Montelion & Your Govr Pacquet to the Marquis Monteleon &
Sr. Joseph Hodges & that from your New Judge to don Manucl Sr. Joseph Hodges & that from your New Judge to don Manuel
arriaga of Cadiz have been Delivered & forwarded Arriaga of Cadiz have been Delivered & forwarded
oncerning Negrow their Receipts Concerning Negroes their Receipts
Regulation Sale &c. Regulation Sale &c.a
We Note the Herberts delivering you 160 Negr We Note the Herberts delivering you 160 Negs
in good Condition making 145 Sd India as P Regr and agree ti in good Condition making 145 Sd India as P Regn and agree wth 
you that in Case you make provision in the Instrumt of Regr for you that in Case you make provision in the Instrumt of Regr for
Such as dye within the 15t Days theis no occassion for a new Such as dye within the 15 Days theirs no occassion for a new
Catificate of it apart. We also observe the progress you had made Certificate of it apart. We also observe the progress you had made
in the Sales of this parcell and approve thereof as also of the in the Sales of this parcell and approve thereof as also of the
Generall Generall