Interlopers encouragement to continue to Pour in greater Quawtihe Interlopers encouragement to continue to Pour in greater Quawtihe
of Goods and thereby fill the Markets. of Goods and thereby fill the Markets.
We heve Letter of the 14th March from Our Paname We heve Letter of the 14th March from Our Paname
Factory giving an account that the Interlopers Import Goods as faely Factory giving an account that the Interlopers Import Goods as faely
as by the Galleons. as by the Galleons.
We note the laution you give le in relation to the departure We note the laution you give le in relation to the departure
of the Canary ship; but as bur Wines and Brandies are all bought of the Canary ship; but as bur Wines and Brandies are all bought
and that should any Rupture happen. We are Liable to the same and that should any Rupture happen. We are Liable to the same
Inconveniences whether We said her or not. We have therefore Inconveniences whether We said her or not. We have therefore
Determined to let her Pocced on the Voyage and accordingly Determined to let her Pocced on the Voyage and accordingly
Intend to dispatch her to morrow. Intend to dispatch her to morrow.
Weare Weare
Yor Loving frends Yor Loving frends
Mr Bowles Owns the Rccrt of this Mr Bowles Owns the Rccrt of this
in his of the une. in his of the une.
The Committee of Corepond a The Committee of Corepond a
Sam: Shepheard Dept. Sam: Shepheard Dept.
John Lambert John Lambert
Jon Gore Jon Gore
Wm Actell Wm Actell
Robt. Chester Robt. Chester
f f
London 12th June 1718. London 12th June 1718.
Mr Commyns Mr Commyns
Dr Dr
We have recd your Letter of the 23d April and according We have recd your Letter of the 23d April and according
to yor Lecire agreed with the Owners of the Herbert Galley by which this comes to yor Lecire agreed with the Owners of the Herbert Galley by which this comes
to defer her Departure till the 1. of this Month to defer her Departure till the 1. of this Month
Yor. Frend Mr Arden having on yo behalf desired Yor. Frend Mr Arden having on yo behalf desired
leave leave