the Royal officers to your demand of the same, And observe that the the Royal officers to your demand of the same, And observe that the
Small hopes you had of recovering the money was the reason you Small hopes you had of recovering the money was the reason you
transmitted it to us to get it deducted out of our duties at madred wth transmitted it to us to get it deducted out of our duties at madrid w^th
We shall wnite about accordingly. We shall write about accordingly.
We expect as you promise Authentick Testimony of what slaves 18    We expect as you promise Authentick Testimony of what Slaves
the French Imported after our assients took Place. We having reced the French Imported after our assiento took Place. We having reced
Certificates of the Price Curit. Slaves bore at the time the French Certificates of the Price Currt. Slaves bore at the time the French
Told Slaves at Panama in the time of Our assiento. sold Slaves at Panama in the time of Our assiento.
We have reied Account of Sales of 10 Slaves Seized at 19     We have reced Account of Sales of 10 Slaves Seized at
Panama and 2 in Portobelo, and note your having Credited our Panama and 2 in Portobelo, and note your having Credited our
account 10274 10 and that you had since seized 2 men and 2boyd account 10274 rs 10 m and that you had since seized 2 men and 2 boys
4 eone sed which your President had taken without fixing a Price account which your President had taken without fixing a Price. account
of Sales whereof you would send p next and note that these were of Sales whereof you would send up next and note that these were
ft of about 100 Lauded out of 2 Stoops from Jamania notwith pt. of about 100 Landed out of 2 Sloops from Jamaica notwith
=standing the Precaution you took, and the Churge of a bark =standing the Precaution you took, and the pre Charge of a Bark
to observe them. to observe them.
20 We comend your Diligence herein and the orders you 20 We comend your Diligence herein and the orders you
have given to the Corrigdores of Guaquil & ct and to yo out guard have given to the Corrigdores of Guaquil & ct. and to yor out guard
to be on their watch, and observe what you write that the Sentum to be on their watch, and observe what you write that the Sentimts
of the People were that they belonged to your Gov. Yor Garison of the People were that they belonged to your Govr. Yor Garrison
Exorting them over the Mountains Excorting them over the Mountains.
The supressing of this Clandestine Trade is of 21 The suppressing of this Clandestine Trade is of
very great Consequence to us and we shall do what we can here to very great Consequence to us and we shall do what we can here to
that end and doubt not but youl Continue to prevent it all you that end .and doubt not but youl Continue to prevent it all you
Can Can.
We haveried the Certifi for the money you paid for 22 We have recd the Certifs for the money you paid for
Certef for maney pdforditys on the King of Spains duties on Indulted slaves and note their obliging the King of Spains duties on Indulted slaves and note their obliging
Your Payment at Panama was contrary to the opinions of your assess Your Payment at Panama was contrary to the opinions of your assesr
and attorney General copies of which you should have sent us attented and attorney General copies of which you should have sent us attented
and that the French had it always allowed in the Number they were and that the French had it always allowed in the Number they were
to import We wish you had sent proper Certificates thereof to import We wish you had sent proper Certificates thereof
which which