You ought (as We wrote you the 6th July last) to have sent usa You ought (as We wrote you the 6th July last) to have sent us a
Scheme in what manner you propose to have it, which we promico Scheme in what manner you propose to have it, which we promised
to consider of, if We found any encouragement from Our Pofit to consider of, if We found any encouragement from Our Profit
and that the same was not an addition to our Losses and have and that the same was not an addition to our Losses and have
taken Ouropinions before you had made such Entries in our taken Our opinions before you had made such Entries in our
Books, which we can by no means allow of Books, which we can by no means allow of
3d There are also under the head of Contingent Charges 3d There are also under the head of Contingent Charges
several Articles, which are Properly yor own expences, as several Articles, which are Properly yor own expences, as
Youl find in the Inclosed Paper of objections to which we You'l find in the Inclosed Paper of objections to which we
expect yor. answer expect yor. answer
4? We observe you have each of you taken your full 4th. We observe you have each of you taken your full
half year's Salary Whereas Mr Lumberlegis Wife has ree half year's Salary Whereas Mr Cumberlege's Wife has recd
Fifty pounds here. You are to take notice that for the futue Fifty pounds here. You are to take notice that for the future
no part of yor Salaries will be paid in London untill you no part of yo^r Salaries will be paid in London untill you
send us Such Vonchers as you have been directed. send us Such Vouchers as you have been directed.
5. We direct you pursuant to the 20th By Law of 5th. We direct you pursuant to the 20th By Law of
which you have herewith a Copy) to balance the books which you have herewith a Copy) to balance the books
of the Factory onica year, and transmit us copie thereof of the Factory once a year, and transmit us copies thereof
signed by the Chiif & Council by the first Conveyance signed by the Chief & Council by the first Conveyance
following and accordingly We direct you to Balance the said following and accordingly We direct you to Balance the said
Books to every 24th June Books to every 24th June
11th Head. Concerning the State of the Factory 11th Head. Concerning the State of the Factory
Under this head We have nothing to add, but to recomend Under this head We have nothing to add, but to recomend
to you Diligence, Paithfulness & Industre in Our affairs to you Diligence, Faithfulness & Industry in Our affairs
and to take notice that not withstanding our Direction that and to take notice that not withstanding our Direction that
You advise us from time to time what Proficiency each You advise us from time to time what Proficiency each
of you make in the Spanih Tongue. Yet you have of you make in the Spanish Tongue. Yet you have
neglected to do it neglected to do it
Concerning Concerning