Power, And whereever that har been done the Negroes are neverthelet Power, And whereever that has been done the Negroes are never the less
liable to Seizures; and as this Ces may be of Use in Recovering the liable to Seizures; And as this Ceda may be of Use in Recovering the
Produce of Indultos & Seizures or for suring the Negroes We recomend Produce of Indultos & Seizures As for seizing the Negroes We recomend
it to you to procure from any of the Factorys the Original of that Cd it to You to procure from any of the Factorys the Original of that Ceda
or an Authentick Copy And if notwithstanding all your Endeavours or are Authentick Copy; And if notwithstanding all your Endeavours
to recover the Money, it cannot be effected, It will be necessary that to recover the Money, it cannot be effected, It will be necessary that
proper Testimony of the Numbers of Negroes wch have been Indulted of proper Testimony of the Numbers of Negroes wch have been Indulted or
Tured by the Sparish Officers in those parts, & the prices at wch they were Seized by the Spanish Officers in those parts, & the prices at wch they were
that the King of fram may e dayd Indulted or sold be sent us, that Whe may charge the K. of Spain  Indulted or sold be sent us, that We may charge the K. of Spain
therewith in Accot. You will also procure & send us Rect or Certificate therewith in Accot You will also procure & send us Rects or Certificates
in any Cases where the K. of Spains Dutys have been or shall be paid in any Cases where the K. of Spains Dutys have been or shall be paid
in the Indies by the Lycensees or for such Reg. as may be Indulted in in the Indies by the Lycensees or for such Negs. as may be Indulted in
Vertue of the Powers Sent You, in order to our deducting them at Vertue of the Powers Sent You, in order to our deducting them at
Madred. Tho by the Way We must again remend you that our Duty Madrid. Tho by the Way We must again remind You that our Duty
arepayable in Europeg and not in the Indies, & the Sparicands oblyging the are payable in Europe and not in the Indies, & the Spaniards obliging the
Lycences to pay them, was an Abuse, and Contrary to what was formerty Lycences to pay them, was an Abuse, and Contrary to what was formerly
practised from Barbadoes, and is what must be protected against for the practised from Barbadoes, and is what must be protected against for the
future if it be insisted on future if it be insisted on.
7 Te Note the Proposal You make uts for Opening a Trade to 7. We Note the Proposal You make Us for Opening a Trade to
Guatimala &c from Trupilla at the Bottom of the Bay of Honduray Guatimala &c. from Truxilla at the Bottom of the Bay of Honduras,
mas much as it is nearer than from Verafrur, & where you are infore in as much as it is nearer than from Vera Cruz, & where You are informed
Ney. Sell at 400 & P head, The Lycences as an Encouragement for Negs Sell at 400 $ P head, The Lycences as an Encouragement for
making the first attempt to be allowd to Carry 1o pd of Ind Indultofu making the first attempt to be allowd to Carry to ps of Inda Indulto free,
Upon wch We Observe, That as Guatimala is in New Spain the Upon wch We Observe, That as Guatimala is in New Spain the
Supplying it as is proposed may Interfere ws. Our present Method of Supplying it as is proposed may Interfero wth Our present Method of
doing it from Verafand. It is also to be observe, that of Trusillo be doing it from Vera Cruz. It is also to be observe, that of Truxillo be
not a place where there are Royal officers (as We believe it is not not a place where there are Royal Officers (as We believe it is not)
We cannot Introduce Regroes there We cannot Introduce Negroes there.
Upon Upon