109 109
To the Factory of the Royal Brilish To the Factory of the Royal Brilish
Asiento Company at Lanamy, and Assiento Company at Panama, and
Dorto Belo Porto Belo
Landon 18 June 1724 London 18 June 1724
Gentl Gentl^n
You havding arguanted is by you letter of the 1. De You having acquainted is by you letter of the 31st. Dec^r
but that Mr. Thomas Bacon whowas Ony of the Companys Surgeons af last that M^r. Thomas Bacon who was One of the Companys Surgeons 
in your Factory had labour under an Ill State of Health which renderd in your Factory had labour'd under an Ill State of Health, which renderd.
him incapable of his Business you had at his Cwn Request Oichargd him him incapable of his Business you had at his own Request dischargd him
from the Companys shreice wher upon we came to a Rreodution mna Courtof Dirctors from the Companys service where upon we came to a Resolution in a Court of Directors
heald the fourth of this Month That the said Bacon be dectargd accordingly from hold the fourth of this Month That the said Bacon be dischargd accordingly from
the himd he sas Ditargd by You the him he was Dischargd by You
Tt fill up the tacancy of aturgion we have since those Mr To fill up the vacancy of surgeon we have since chose M^r
Peterd lyle who thing this at the Enblend salary of 66621f p Ann to fmene Peter d'Oyle who brings this at the [Enblend] salary of 666 2/3 [of] [p] Annl to comence
from the Tim of his Arriat at Potobele which you are to Ceartify to us he hath from the Time of his Arrival at Portobelo which you are to Certify to us, he hath
Entred into the usual forenants with the company to servy them Fiv years in Entred into the usual covenants with the company to serve them Five years in
this Nation, And we have given him a Deputation under the Company Seal this station, And we have given him a Deputation under the Company Seal
together with Instructions Clonyusher of are Inclosed) And tirect yon upon his together with Instructions (Copy where of are Inclosed) And direct you upon his
Delicery of thes letter and the Oeputation to admit him into the Factory Aceonding Delivery of this letter and the deputation to admit him into the Factory Accordingly
giving him all One Excouragement for the Companys Service And wy hope he giving him all One Encouragement for the Companys Service And we hope he
will so h behaor as to Eerve the God Openion we have of him, We are will so to Behave as to serve the Good Opinion we have of him, We are
Mr D. Oyl apouited Mr D. Oyl aponited
Singlon. Singlon.
Satlary Sallary.
Your Loving Frends Your Loving Frends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
John Cyles Sub Gov. John Cyles Sub Gov^r.
Saml. Jones Saml. Jones
Jos Radge D Gr Jos Rudge D. Gr
J. Rourthy J. Rourthy
Henry Cartroight Henry Cartroight
J Shinner J Shinner
Tho. Savill Tho. Savill
Robt. Michel Robt. Michel
N. Michlethwait N. Michlethwait
S. Fryer S. Fryer
Beath Beath
Tho Ayles Tho Ayles
Bowle Bowle
Sam Litt Sam Litt
Petr Burill Petr Burill
Wm Broke Wm Broke
R. Newton R. Newton
Gabl. Roberts Gabl. Roberts