London 30th May 1718 London 30th May 1718
T Sr
The Count of Directors of the Royt. Assents Compan The Court of Directors of the Royl. Assiento Company
of Great Britain have reced yor Letter of the 20 September last of Great Britain have reced yor Letter of the 20^th September last
and have comanded me in their hame to return you thanks, for the and have comanded me in their name to return you thanks, for the
Kind apurances you are Pleased to give of continuing your Endeacory Kind assurances you are Pleased to give of continuing your Endeavours
for Prometing their afairs on yo Island. They are well Pleased for Promoting their affairs on yor Island. They are well Pleased
to hear there is so agreeable a Harmony & Correspondence between to hear there is so agreeable a Harmony & Correspondence between
Yor Self and their agent Mr Parril, and hope he will lay hold mn Yor Self and their agent Mr Farril, and hope he will lay hold on
all occasions for Preserving Sovaluable a Friendship. all occasions for Preserving So valuable a Friendship.
If the Company can be any ways Serviceable to you in If the Company can be any ways Serviceable to you in
these Parts I am to assure you of their Readiness in Complying these Parts I am to assure you of their Readiness in Complying
with yor. Lene. Sam with yor.  Desires.  I am
Sr Sr
Yo most ovdient and Yor most obedient and
Most humble Serv Most humble Servt
Daniel Wesomb Daniel Wescomb
Mr Archer Mr Archer
London 6. May 1718 London 6. May 1718
S Sr
I wrote you the 3d April by the St. Jaseph Nich DelBarco I wrote you the 3d April by the St. Joseph Nichs Del Barco
McAccompanying a Tacket which I desired you to forward to Mr Dowles at M^r Accompanying a Packet which I desired you to forward to M^r Bowles at
Madrio Madrid
Salsowrote you the 1d Instant of the Post owning the Rect of yours I also wrote you the 1^st Instant of the Post owning the Rec^t of yours
of the 8th april with 2 Packets for mea? and 1 for vera Crug, which shall be of the 8th april with 6 Packets for mesr and 1 for vera Cruz, which shall be
forwarded as desired. forwarded as desired.
This serves to give covert to a Packet of Letters for yor & other This serves to give [covert] to a Packet of Letters for yo.^r & other
parts which you will please to forward and excuse the repeated trouble. parts which you will please to forward and excuse the repeated trouble.
I am I am
Yor Methumble Servt Yo.^r Met humble Serv^t
Daniel Wescomb Daniel Wescomb