Particulars thereof, and the Company will give such Directions. Particulars thereof and the Company will give such Directions.
therein as they see reasonable. therein as they see reasonable.
Weare We are
Yor Loving Frends Yo.^r Loving Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
Men the following Postscript did not go to the Men.^d the following Postscript did not go to the
fougny lit it being added to it by mitake foregoing it being added to it by mistake
P.S. You have omitted to transmit is P:S: You have omitted to transmit us
pursuant to your Original Instructions pursuant to your Original Instructions
a Stated account of the Effects of such as a Stated account of the Effects of such as
have died in your Factory and particularly have died in your Factory and particularly
what belonged to Mr Robert Pliter and Mr what belonged to M^r Robert Pliter and Mr
Parsons which you will take care to do Parsons which you will take care to do
p yor next [p]yo.^r next
Ja Bateman Sub Gov Ja Bateman Sub Gov.^r
Sam: Hegher Depr Sam: Shepheard Dep.^ty
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Jacob Jacobsen Jacob Jacobsen
Fran. Eyles Fran. Eyles
P. Hawes F. Hawes
John Fellowes John Fellowes
Richd Houlditch Rich.^d Houlditch
John Blunt John Blunt
Robert Chester Robert Chester
John Gore John Gore
Wm Hamond W^m Hamond
Ro Horsey R.^d Horsey
W. Morley W: Morley
Thittastory own Rect. It Raymond H Raymond
of he Letr n thers of Dm De laporte D^m la porte
AIngram A Ingram
Wm Tillard W^m Tillard
Sam Reade Sam: Reade
Wm Astell W^m Astell
Thittastory own Rect. It Raymond The Factory own Rec.^t.
of he Letr n thers of Dm De laporte of this Lett.^r in theirs of
the 2 April 1719 the 2 April 1719
Papers indored Papers inclosed
Cong of the Last £ter Copy of the Last letter
Cony of the Cedula for Libecty Annual Ships going from Copy of the Cedula for Liberty Annual Ships going from
En Kingona to Perto Adolo Carthagena to Porto Belo
Crte for a General Indulto Cedula for a General Indulto
Do for Prize Negros Do for Prize Negros
To Gilbert Grimes Esqr and the rest of the To Gilbert Grimes Esqr and the rest of the
Factors for the Royal Assients Company Factors for the Royal Assiento Company
of Great Britain at Panama of Great Britain at Panama
South Seahouse South Sea house
Sint. Gentn
London 30 April 173 London 30^th April 1718
Concerning Letters writ & Letters rec Concerning Letters writ & Letters recd
Since Ours of the 12th July last whereof you Since Ours of the 12th July last whereof you
Own receipt in yo of the 20th January which came to our hands the Own receipt in yor of the 20th January which came to our hands the
18th Instant. We wrote you the 20th October 2d & 15th January 18th Instant. We wrote you the 20th October 2d & 15th January.