To the Factory of the Royel To the Factory of the Royal
British Assunte Company at Lanan British Assiento Company at Panama
and Porto Bellor and Porto Bello
Gents Gent^n
Concering letter Concerning letters
Snce Curs of the 7th. Febr. which was beliverd you by Mr. Since Ours of the 7th. Feb^ry. which was deliverd you by Mr.
Duniss and Bulpen, We wrte you the 20th June by Mr. Braddyland Pam Denniss and Bulpen, We write you the 20th June by M^r. Braddyl and [Pam]
who Enbarkd here soon after bee sem after for Jamaica in their way to Your who Embarkd [here soon after]  for Jamaica in their way to your 
Factory, whereof Inclasd is fory, the the Original We hopelire this hor hendhe Factory, whereof Inclosed is Copy, the the Original We hope will [ire] this have been deliver
by Mr Baroch, Mr Braddyl dying at Jamarca, In which last We laond by Mr Darrach, Mr Braddyl dying at Jamarca, In which last We [laoid]
Receipt of yours up to the 10th Decr 1722 We have since Received the fillomen Receipt of yours up to the 10th Dec^r 1722 We have since Received the following
letters here under particularrined as they are in point of Date Vir= letters here under particularrized as they are in point of Date Viz
Yrom Mr Blekynden of the 8 Janry 1722 which Wedgns From Mr Blechynden of the 18 Jan^ry 1722 which Suppose
Should have been 1723 your Stile, it being dated at Porto bels, and coming Should have been 1723 your [Stile], it being dated at Porto belo, and coming
to Ouer hands in April last to Our hands in April last
Anther from Messrs Swarty and Johnson dated at Larane Another from Mess^rs Swartz and Johnson dated at Panama
16 January last, under which date is writt April 20th which the suppore 16 January last, under which date is writt April 20th which the suppose
was done by Mr Johnson at Porto belos and if it were So We should have was done by Mr. Johnson at Porto belo and if it were So We should have
ad the place. [inspected] the place.
Another from Messrs Seark and Toherson dated at Lanama Do Another from Mess^rs Swartz and Johnson dated at Panama 20th
April, to which is a Posseript Sign'd by Mr. Bleckynden, but withint pe April, to which is a Postscript Signd by Mr. Blechynden, but without plans
& daty the te suppose twas done at Ports bels by the Nature of the & dates tho We suppose have done at Porto belo by the Nature of the
Posscript We expet you will be more Coret in future Corcipentina Postscript We expect you will  be more Correct in future Correspondence
Anthor from Mr. Bleckyndersingly dated at Lotehbe Another from M^r. Blechynden singly dated at Porto belo
h 25t oril last. the 25t April last.
Authe Another