Pnduce one Pound Sterl and it s Curit Courte for a Prstoll paid to the panendt Pnduce one Pound Sterl and it s Curit Courte for a Prstoll paid to the panendt
at Cadiy to give Bills of Exclange to receive 4f at Lavere Brug at right wth at Cadiy to give Bills of Exclange to receive 4f at Lavere Brug at right wth
Pistoll by Exchauge will cost no more than 16. and i 5p for a pound sterb, he Pistoll by Exchauge will cost no more than 16. and i 5p for a pound sterb, he
foot upon which Mr Shorowgood had his Proposal and is but the Commonrate foot upon which Mr Thorowgood had his Proposal and is but the Commonrate
To that you abate 18 plent upon the first sight of the Proposed 50 ft overt To that you abate 18 plent upon the first sight of the Proposed 50 ft overt
above the advantage you give of Picking the Cargoe thereby making all the renenus above the advantage you give of Picking the Cargoe thereby making all the renenus
part unsalcable, and in he times of Payment to remit all the ret of the Pepased part unsalcable, and in he times of Payment to remit all the ret of the Pepased
50 f lent without consideration of the chargeable frightment of our ship or the 50 f lent without consideration of the chargeable frightment of our ship or the
advantage of the King of Spains Grart. On which and yo. short unintelly be advantage of the King of Spains Grart. On which and yo. short unintelly be
advice We have just cause to enlarge, but hope you will exert yor Selves advice We have just cause to enlarge, but hope you will exert yor Selves
how, and make ts returns by this ship exceeding even Our expectations, how, and make ts returns by this ship exceeding even Our expectations,
You cannot Possibly Construe this this Long Letter for having fruit dot You cannot Possibly Construe this this Long Letter for having fruit dot
Exclude yor. sending home what money you can posess yor Selves of and Exclude yor. sending home what money you can posess yor Selves of and
not invest in fruits to yor minds not invest in fruits to yor minds
Weare Weare
Yo. Loving Friends Yo. Loving Friends
Answ 24 Nov. 1778 Answ 24 Nov. 1778
The Comittee of Correponsence The Comittee of Correponsence
P. Repheard By. P. Repheard By.
Wm. Asell Wm. Asell
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Jno Lambert Jno Lambert
Ino Phunt Ino Phunt
To the Factory at Veralru To the Factory at Vera Cruz
Gent. This is to rcquaint you that on opening one of the Surons of Iedies Gentn. This is to rcquaint you that on opening one of the Surons of Iedies
p9 a great deal of Naty Shett was found in it and some of it being beat to p9 a great deal of Naty Shett was found in it and some of it being beat to
Powder is must among the Dust. Some of which & order of the Depty Gov. Iend Powder is must among the Dust. Some of which & order of the Depty Gov. Iend
you here inclosed. And you must acquaint the Person you bought it of you here inclosed. And you must acquaint the Person you bought it of
and get an allowance from him. And you are required to be very incumpul, and get an allowance from him. And you are required to be very incumpul,
And Carefull in what you buy) for the future & bare it in Sevl Places to And Carefull in what you buy) for the future & bare it in Sevl Places to
Event being imposed on I beleeve therein a 5 part of this Stuff miad Event being imposed on I beleeve therein a 5 part of this Stuff miad
with the Indigo I am with the Indigo I am
Asd humble Ser Asd humble Ser
Danl Wiscomb Danl Wescomb
Oorder of the depty Gov P Order of the depty Gov