Herewer we are plased t heer there is me among them the However we are pleased to hear there is one among them that
has got the Esteem of the Spaniands, we mean Dr. Burnet, who you wite has got the Esteem of the Spaniands, we mean D^r. Burnet, who you wite
is capable of doing the Comp. Signal Service, in Consideration whereof is capable of doing the Comp^a. Signal Service, in Consideration whereof
of his Wife & Tamily arenot a Crarge to the Comps. we dispence with if his Wife & Family are not a Charge to the Comp^a. we dispense with
our former orders for their being sent away, till we shall think fitt our former Orders for their being sent away, till we shall think fitt
otherwise to direct, This is what must not be brought into a precident, otherwise to direct, This is what must not be brought into a precedent,
And we hope this Indulgence will ammate & this him up the more to And we hope this Indulgence will animate & stir him up the more to
exect himself for our Interest exert himself for our Interest
We Note the Dispute You mention to have arisen between We Note the Dispute You mention to have arisen between
General General
the present of the Galliones & the Gov. & Royal Officers touching the present of the Galleones & the Gov^r. & Royal Officers touching
the right pretended on each side of visiting one of our Sloops & the part the right pretended on each side of visiting one of our Sloops & the Part
Mr Pym acted in protesting against the formers making the Visit, it M^r Pym acted in protesting against the formers making the Visit, it
cutainly being in the Lattes Rrovince by the 12t. Art of the Assents certainly being in the Latters Province by the 12^th. Art of the Assiento
But Mr Pyn should not have acquised ih it being doe by General But Mr Pym should not have acquiesced in it being done by General
Gueare of the last Gallems, that having now ben inged as a preedent Guevara of the last Galleons, that having now been urged as a precedent;
As to what the present Genl Lays. That Guevara was not reprimanded As to what the present Gen^l Says. That Guevara was not reprimanded
for it nor had any thing in his Instructions to the Contrary, We think for it nor had any thing in his Infractions to the Contrary, We think
it a very week Argument. For by such a Rule they may resreat their it a very weak Argument. For by such a Rule they may Apeat their
Iiyjunys wheree they have not been repimanded and Cominit what Injurys whenever they have not been reprimanded and Commit what
havagances they please in any Car, where they are not prokibited by Extravaganza they please in any Cases, where they are not prohibited by
their Instructions, wt would lead to endlessill Consequences & according their Instructions, w^ch would lead to endless ill Consequences, and & according
to our Way of thinking the Revernve ought to be the Rule of their Actions to our Way of thinking the Reverse ought to be the Rule of their Actions
massmuch as what they are not instructed to do should be deeied to be forbed In as much as what they are not instructed to do should be deem'd to be forbid
But were it otherwise all Instructions contrary of our Treatys ought to But were it otherwise all Instructions contrary of our Treatys ought to
be opposed in the Exceution of them, However we hape no ill Consequence be opposed in the Execution of them, However we hope no ill Consequence
sly may