
As Youl Se by the Cisula, H is a Ouplicate the Original having been Octiverd at As Youl See by the Cedula, It is a Duplicate the Original having been Deliverd at
Madrid to Mr Chourion the New Governour of Maracaybo who lately went for Madrid to M^r Chourion the New Governour of Maracaybo who lately went for
that place and was to deliver it to Sesson for him to Se Eicuted and to make a that place and was to deliver it to Sesson for him to See Executed and to make a
Separation of said Mattor Effect and pay what belongd to each party part Separation of said Mattoss' Effect and pay what belongd to each party part
bing alleged to be due to Mr Cheurion and as Mr Sesson is a very Improper being alleged to be due to Mr Chourion and as Mr Sesson is a very Improper
plerson to Intetfore in this Matter, and we are Advised we may Empower any person to Interfere in this Matter, and we are Advised we may Empower any
other person, we daire you will Depute some person with your powers and other person, we desire you will Depute some person with your powers and
this Cvulay who may go in One of the Leceoned tesels and Luit duly Exented this Cedula, who may go in One of the Licensed Vessels and see it duly Executed,
putting a Stop to Mr. Sepsons interforing if hecan, and if Cceasion by hy may putting a Stop to Mr. Sessons interfering if he can; and if Occasion be he may
Apply to don lopess de Carills lately gone Govrnour of the Caracas who we Apply to don lopess de Carillo lately gone Governour of the Carraccas, who we
are Apurdwill do Wall the services he can, from a particular Obligation he are Assurd will do us all the services he can, from a particular Obligation he
Orvers te as We requainted you before, Your Success herein Goul Advise Us Owes Us as We acquainted you before; Your Success herein You'l Advise Us
The Dary Cap. Comins by which you sent a Quantity of Carcanlley The Dory Cap.^t Cumins by which you sent a Quantity of Cascarilla
has been Alrived some sime the Cascarilla when sold, we shall Alderse you has been Arrived some time the Cascarilla when sold, we shall Advise you
the price for Your Government the price for Your Government
The Merard Man of War by which you intended to send the The Mermaid Man of War by which you intended to send the
Meney is not yet Arrived, We are promis She shall come up the River Money is not yet Arrived, We are promisd She shall come up the River
to delver it – Wary to deliver it – We are
Your Affectionate Frinds Your Affectionate Friends
The Courtof Dircton The Court of Directors
South Sea House South Sea House
Thos Savill Tho^.s Savill
John Cyles Sul Govr John Eyles Sub Govr
London 31 March 1724 London 31 March 1724
Thos Ayles Tho^.s Ayles
John Rudge Vep Govr John Rudge dep Gov^.r
Indaedis a lest of the peresent Court Inclosed is a list of the present Court
Henry Cartwright Henry Cartwright
Peter Burrill Peter Burrell
of Drctor Chasen in February last of Directors Chosen in February last
N Michlethwaite N Michlethwaite
Robt Wood Rob^.t Wood
Sam. Jones Sam^.l Jones
Om. Halsey Edm^.d. Halsey
Rus. 3. July. 1724. Aug. 3. July. 1724.
Robt Newton Rob^.t Newton
Gabl Roberts Gab^.l Roberts
Hen Ashton Hen^.y Ashton
Will Steath Will.^m Steath
Edw Brcher Edm.^d Becker
John Htanbury John Stanbury
John Fryer John Fryer
Samb Pitt Sam^.l Pitt
I Girardot d Tilliun J Girardol d Tillieux
Robt. Michel Rob^.t. Michel
Mathw Raper Math^.w Raper
th Lewen R Lewen
T. Kaworth J. Raworth