Bendes Primne lost & lurges at Lamaica. And it is worth but £0:2:6:4 Besides Prime cost & charges at Jamaica. And it is worth but £6.2. 6. p
tun here: so that you will Regulate your selves accordingly tun here: so that you will Regulate your selves accordingly.
We note your having sent by the Bedford to Samaica 28 Pars of Gold We note your having sent by the Bedford to jamaica 28 Bars of Gold
which Our agents advise us were for the most part Course. And recomend to which Our agents advise us were for the most Sent to Course. And recomend to
You to take all visible care to get the best of Gold that being more valuable You to take all posible care to get the best of Gold that being more valuable
in Proprtion to its Essay tran Course Gold in Proprtion to its Essay than Courses Gold
We have taken into Consideration the freighting a ship for lube as We have taken into Consideration the freighting a ship for Cuba as
Our Factors there advise to take in sugars the Produce of Our Negroes to Our Factors there advise to take in sugars the Produce of Our Negroes to
be carried to ladiz By which means they advise us theyl be put into be carried to Cadiz By which means they advise us they'l be put into
a Condition the better to get in the Debts and veud more Negroes. We a Condition the better to get in the Debts and vend more Negroes. We
write them hereupon as you'l see by the inclosed Letter under a Plying write them here upon as you'l see by the inclosed Letter under a Flying
Seal which after Perusal youl seal and forward pfirst. We also give Seal which after Perusal you'l seal and forward & first. We also give
the necessary directions thereupon to Our agents at Jamaica to freight ashy the necessary directions thereupon to Our agents at Jamaica to freight a ship
for that Purpose upon advice rcced from Our said Factors at Cuba for that Purpose upon advice recd from Our said Factory at Cuba
Concerning Accounts Concerning Accounts
We not having frnished the Examination of yor Accounts We not having finished the Examination of yor Accounts
have nothing at Present to write you under this head: but refer you to the have nothing at Present to write you under this head: but refer you to the
Directions We have already given you Directions We have already given you
Concerning Miscellanies Concerning Miscellanies
The Chairs & Stationary Ware you wrote for We dont doubt The Chairs & Stationary Were you wrote for We dont doubt
but you have reced ire this by the Herbert Galley on board which Our but you have reced ere this by the Herbert Galley on board which Our
agents at Jamaica put them agents at Jamaica put them.
We remain We remain
Yor Loving Friends the Court of Diceter Yor Loving Friends the Court of Director
of the South See Company of the South Sea Company
Ja Bateman SubGov Ja Bateman SubGov^r
Tanl Hays Tanl Hays
Jno Pellowes Jno Fellowes
A. Horsey R^d. Horsey
Saml Regreard Dep Sam^l Shephread Dep^t
Jno Blunt Jn^o Blunt
Saml Acade Sam^l Acade
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Sheads Jansen Theod. Jansen
Ireof Lawbridge Jacob Lawbridge
1h yore Jo^n york
Wm Chapman W^m Chapman
H Raymond H Raymond
Thos Regnolds Tho Regnolds
Geo: Caswall Geo: Caswall
Cha Soyl Cha Joye
Robt Piester Rob^t Chester
Jacob Jacooser Jacob Jacobson
Rich Houlditch Hen. Durley Rich Houlditch 
Rich Houlditch Hen. Durley  Hen. Durley
or DilaPorte Pr De la Porte
P.S. P.S.
As to Mr Cumberleges Salary Youare to take notice As to Mr Cumberleges Salary You are to take notice
that notwithstanding he has not Signifyd his deire what part of that notwithstanding he has not Signify'd his derise what part of
it