only catand to measure the ship and not the Goods, so that We hope We shall put only extand to measure the ship and not the Goods, so that We hope We shall put
it out of the Power of yor People to Imbroie usagain it out of the Power of yo^r people to Imbroil us again
the note your having got some assurances that Person from Panama may We note your having got some assurances that Person from Panama may
Iwest money in the Bedfords Cargoe and that if Our Pactory could negetiate their Invest money in the Bedfords Cargoe and that if Our Pactory could negotiate their
entrance there Yyou were like to meet with no obstacles at your Place and approve entrance there you were like to meet with no obstacles at your Place and approve
your writing that Factory about it. But he don't doubt but you have heard your writing that Factory about it. But he don't doubt but you have heard
that That Factory has since obtained a pssitive Licence from their President for that That Factory has since obtained a positive Licence from their President for
imediately importing the Goods from Carthagana, and brinfing them up to be sold lte imediately importing the Goods from Carthagena, and bringing them up to be levied at.
Transportat of Bedfords Goods Parame under several Restrictions they have sent you which youl take care punchelly Transportat^on of Bedfords Goods Panama under several Restrictions they have sent you which you'l take care punctualy
to obrrve and hope you have bid hold on the favourable opportunity of the to observe and hope you have laid hold on the favourable opportunity of the
Herberts being with you and have made a reasonable agreement with the Com. Herbert's being with you and have made a reasonable agreement with the Com.^p
for carrying all the Goods proper for s ortobelo in order for their conduction for carrying all the Goods proper for 1 Portobelo in order for their conduction
to Canama for that the may return again after having delivered the Goods to 1 Panama for that the may return again after having delivered the Goods
to them to take in what mency hoe have for our accounts which if you have to them to take in what money you   have for our accounts which if you have
not done you must lay hold on the best Imbarkations you can procure for that not done you must lay hold on the best Imbarkations you can procure for that
purpose. and you are to low no time in getting clear of this largoe th Consid purpose. and you are to low no time in getting clear of thi cargoe th Consid.^ar
that the Gallcons are to depart next year for Portodelo that the Gallcons are to depart next year for Portobelo
Weare pleased with the bicekings vigorons metheds to ken at Line Weare pleased with the vicekings vigorous methods taken at Limia 
for suppressing the French Trade by which means those parts are like to for suppressing the French Trade by which means those parts are like to
flourish againas formerly, Goods being risen considerably elready. We hapete flourish again as formerly, Goods being risen considerably  already. We hope to
shall find the good Effects in your Salet shall find the good Effects in your Sales
We have reed f the Royal Affica the 58 Tuns Justick you shipd for We have reed f the Royal Africa the 58 Tuns Fustick you shipd for
Iamaica and note your having agreed the Treight thither £1.10 f sun Which Jamaica and note your having agreed the freight thither £1.10 P tun Which
Our agents at Samaia advise us they paid and agreed with the Captn for 40 ptn Our agents at jamaica advise us they paid and agreed with the Captn for 40 p ton
mee to bring it to us. But as you must know that London and not Samaica more to bring it to us. But as you must know that London and not jamaica
was the market for Tustick and that Captn Foott was bound for London and was the market for Fustick and that Captn Foott was bound for London and
would have been glas to have secured a Treight home you would have done well would have been glad to have secured a freight home you would have done well
to have agreed with him to have brought it directly to us which we beleive to have agreed with him to have brought it directly to us which we beleive
you might have done at 40 directly. and then the Company would have saved you might have done at 40 directly. and then the Company would have saved
not only in the freight but the charges of Landing. Weighing at Samaica not only in the freight but the charges of Landing. Weighing at Jamaica
comission & Reshiping it there &ct which has cat up the whole Affair commission & Reshiping it there &ct which has cat up the whole Affair
you have also omitted to send Invoice of this Justick, Dontomit to you have also omitted to send Invoice of this Justick, Dont omit to
send us regular Invoices of all foods youship for Our account. The charge of send us regular Invoices of all goods you ship for Our account. The charge of
the said Tustick sime shipd is vizt the said Tustick sime ship'd is vizt
£110 £110
Freight p tun to Jamaica Freight p tun to Jamaica
Do from thence to London D^o from thence to London
8- 8-
Custom Prim 2 Landing 2 pharf 2. Lightes Custom Prim ^ 2 Landing 2 wharf 2. Lightes. 2
Ware house room & Petty charges here Ware house room & Petty charges here
end Bondi