Messicurs Rigby & Pratter Messieurs Rigby & Pratter
Sine Ours of the 15 Augh. of which you have Ound Rengt Since Ours of the 15.^th Aug.st of which You have Owned Recipt
We wrote you the 8d. of Octr o the Christian Galley Capt. Willis and Sent We wrote You the 3.^d of Oct.^r P the Christian Galley Cap.^t Willis and Sent
By the Sleop
You One half of the Licenses Coarnank and Bonds therein mentioned Since You One half of the Licenses Covnank and Bonds therein mentioned Since
Queen of Spain Cap.
which We wrote you the 21st Novr & the London and sent you the other half which We wrote You the 21.^st Nov.^r & the London and sent you the other half
James Ousay
Of both which letters inclosed are Copis. Of both which letters inclosed are Copes.
Eycerces and Covenants howsent
Wehave tirce Rheared yours of the 1t Sept 2. & 1 Octr 2 We have Since Recived Yours of the 1.st Sep.^t 2. 8 14 Oct.^.r 2.8
and 15 tere 2th fot 4t 28389 dr lonth he hils of ting and hronces and 15 Nov.^r 7.^th (not 4.^t) 28829 dec.^r  with the Bills of Lading and invoices
tres te received
papen & Accounts Mentioned to come with them paper & Accounts Mentioned to come with them
We arenos to acquaint you That We have lately Sent Out We are now to acquaint You That We have lately Sent Out
another New Sloop for your Island Named the don Les King of Spain to another New Sloop for Your Island Named the don Lewis King of Spain to
anew Stoop & Lewisk of Spain
te Employ'd and be under the like Regulations as Our other Sloops The Capt. be Employ'd and be under the like Regulations as Our other Sloops The Cap.^t
sent out
Name is Samuel Toft who we hope well answer the Character We have of Name is Samuel Toft who we hope well answer the Character We have of
Samul Loffis Caphin
him. By this Sloop Our Secretary Sent you Copy of Capt. Intruction him. By this Sloop Our Secretary Sent You Copy of Cap.^t Instruction
for your Government There were also sent by her the Colours for the Lerps for Your Government There were also sent by her the Colours for the Sloops
Edbores for t Sop & Linanced aepals
sent
and Lecensed besls And Sundry Aatinary for your Own the in haying and Licensed Vessels, And Sundry Aationacys? for Your Own the in keeping
Stationarys alo sent
Your Account with the Company Also a Quantity of Stores for the ly of Cur Your Account with the Company Also a Quantity of Stores for the Use of Out,
Coops in General And others for the Annual Ship Royal George which sloops in General And others for the Annual Ship Royal George which
ato suore for the sros
hild hence the 3d of February for Carthagena and Lortsbells which you Saild hence the 3.^d of February for Carthagena and Portobells which you
do for the Ragal Lenge
will take Care to forward, The Invoyies and Bills of Lading of all which will take Care to forward, The Invoyes and Bills of Lading of all which
burt by the Donlewis went by the Don Lewis
In Our lat us acquainted you we had under Consideration here In Our last we acquainted You we had under Consideration here
to Rectify the ill Management and abus Committed and Corying in by to Rectify the ill Management and abuses Committed and Carrying on by
Supra largoes are to Rectify the
the panama and Ports belo Factory alteare now to Adors You that we have the panama and Porto belo Factory  we are now to Advise You that we have
Mismanagemt. of Cams factory
Instructed Our Supera Corgos of the Royal Georg thereupon, And a to any Instructed Our Supra Cargos of the Royal George thereupon; And as to any
difence that may for the futurcance in that or any ther of Our alor differences that may for the future arise in that or any other of Our Factorys