3 We approve yor being as sparing in Presents as the necesity of our 3 We approve yor being as sparing in Presents as the necesity of our
affairs will admit of and observe the Officers below take a slave at a affairs will admit of and observe the Officers below take a slave at a
midling Price upon Arrival which you say will trebly pay for it in midling Price upon Arrival which you say will trebly pay for it in
admitting them to be low Regulated, but you are to consider We can have admitting them to be low Regulated, but you are to consider We can have
no advantage from that unless we import above 4800. Negroes ps de Inda
fann. which we have hither to fallen very short of and therefore p annn which we have hitherto fallen very short of and therefore
cannot be worth our whiles to Purchase that favour. However as cannot be worth our whiles to Purchase that favour. However as
the allowance is but inconsiderable and We may be otherways befinded the allowance is but inconsiderable and We may be otherways befinded
Werhall eave it to you We shall leave it to you
We approve your not putting in Execution what your date 4 We approve your not putting in Execution what your date
President &y Gov. of Portobe claimed as a Priviledge / a lutom President & Govr of Portobo claimed as a Priviledge (A Custom
introduced by the French (out of every largoe to have 3 0r 4 at introduced by the French) out of every Cargoe to have 3 or 4 Blacks
at 1t cost. We expecting they should pay the Curit. Price at 1st cost. We expecting they should pay the Currt Price.
Oncerning Merchandige. Concerning Merchandize.
We note your having reied from the Carth Factory a 1     We note your having reced from the Cartha Factory a
Letter dated there 12th Febry last with Patterns of pt of the Beafard Letter dated there 12.^th Febry last with Patterns of p.^t of the Bedford's
largoe and are Surprized to hear that was the sd advice you everhe of Cargoe and are Surprized to hear that was the 1.^st advice you ever had of
what Goods she best. and Approve your advising them what are popa what Goods she bro.^t. and Approve your advising them what are proper 
for yo Market and the keeping a Punitual Correspondence wth for yo.^r Market and the keeping a Punctual Correspondence w.^th 
them for the more quick sales of Our Goods. them for the more quick sales of Our Goods.
We have had from you Invouce of Goods most proper We have had from you Invoice of Goods most proper
foryo Parts with Patterns, you say youcouls not procure them for yo.^r Parts with Patterns, you say you could not procure them
of all sorts, and that Woollen are not to be had with you, so that of all sorts, and that Woollen are not to be had with you, so that
you were obliged to make the Patterns up with Peipets kt. so you were obliged to make the Patterns up with Peipets &c.^a so
that Weare to regard the Colours not the Quality. that We are to regard the Colours not the Quality.
Mr Burnet had from Mr Knapp Clark to 3 M.^r Burnet had from M.^r Knapp Clerk to
the Comittee of Buying a Large Box of CCatterns of Woollen the Comittee of Buying a Large Box of Patterns of Woollen.
Goods on which We hope to have ye. observations in a short te. Goods on which We hope to have y.^e observations in a short time.
We We