Wo understand Mr Chetwyn is not to go for spain but a man of Wo [We]  understand Mr Chetwyn is not to go for Spain but a man of
Mr Cleteyued not to go to sfai Quality in designed thither, tho not yet named to whom in due time We thee  Quality in designed thither, tho not yet named to whom in due time We thee
recomend our affairs and advise you. recommend our affairs and advise you.
The Rogal Prince and Sarah Galley bound for vera cuur ace The Royal Prince and Sarah Galley bound for vera our are
got into the Downes and will proceed with the first fair Wind. Inclosed got into the Downes and will proceed with the first fair Wind. Inclosed
We said you psuant to the 34th art of the assients an account of the Latters We said you psu^rant [pursuant] to the 34th art of the assients{Assiento] an account of the Latters
Cargoe, and shall with the first conveniency as far as Mareable make Cargoe, and shall with the first conveniency as far as Mareable [we are able] make
up and tranimit you pursuant to the 26th Art? An account of what shipp up and tranimit you pursuant to the 26th Art? An account of what ships
We has e dispatched yearly for the Negroe trade and their Returns to the We has e dispatched yearly for the Negroe trade and their Returns to the
conclusion of the last year ending 1st. May last if the same be incuited conclusion of the last year ending 1st. May last if the same be incuited
ou, and for the future shall observe to render such account at the ecud on, and for the future shall observe to render such account at the end
of coch yeat, which ut take to be agreable to the sd 26th act of each yeat, which we father to be agreeable to the said 26th act
As to the 16000. & oad pr B deposited by Mr Duval the French As to the 16000. & deposited by Mr Duval the French 
agent at Carthagena to indemnify the Gov & Royal Officers for agent at Carthagena to indemnify the Gov & Royal Officers for
giving the French Company the Liberty to Introduce Negroes from giving the French Company the Liberty to Introduce Negroes from
Jamaica in English vessels contrary to the King of Spains ledule which Jamaica in English vessels contrary to the King of Spains ledule which
restrained it only to Spanish or. French Vesself, and which Our Casthagen restrained it only to Spanish or. French Vesself, and which Our Casthagen
Factory have Smbargd in the Company's name to anwer for his Factory have imbarg'd in the Company's name to anwer for his
Introduction of Negroes since 1th May 1713 concerning which Introduction of Negroes since 1.^stMay 1713. concerning which
We wrote you formerly and you acquainted us with the State We wrote you formerly and you acquainted Us with the State
of it in yours of the 20 April 1716. Our said Factory have since of it in yours of the 20 April 1716. Our said Factory have since
adviced us that they have demanded the same and been refused, and adviced us that they have demanded the same and been refused, and
that the Governour & Royal Officer will not part with the said that the Governour & Royal Officer will not part with the said
deporit till the y have the Approbation of the Court of Spain for the deposit file they have the Approbation of the Court of Spain for the
liberty given by them as aforesaid. Which We hope you will be liberty given by them as aforesaid. Which We hope you will be
able to procure, for till then in reality the first reason of the able to procure, for file then in reality the first reason of the
Imbargmt subsists and they will always reserve it for their Imbargmt subsists and they will always reserve it for their
indemnity and We shall have no benefit of it. Our Factors have indemnity and We shall have no benefit of it. Our Factors have
thereupon appealed and the money ye still ordered to remain in thereupon appealed and the money is still ordered to remain in
the hands of Dr Drego Gomen Hidalgo the Rroceedings upon the the hands of Dr Drego Gomen Hidalgo the Proceedings upon the
said appeal being pretty large. We shall send by the first shippn said appeal being pretty large. We shall send by the first shipping
by way of Bilboa or Cadiz: And We hope they will be sufficert by way of Bilboa or Cadiz: And We hope they will be sufficert
to enable you to obtain such a Discharge to the Governour to enable you to obtain such a Discharge to the Governour
and and