do it without. We have wrote thereupon to Mr. Bowles, who informe us that do it without. We have wrote thereupon to M^r. Bowles, who informs us that
th e fear the poaur wsont Ceul the Company has that lower without aledale; But in lase of oppertion from the Company has that power without a cedula; But in case of opposition from
the Royal Officers & Judge Concervator, application may be made to the Conncil the Royal Officers & Judge Concervator, application may be made to the Council
of Indics, The fait appearing by Testimony or Autor accordingly._ of Indies, The fact appearing by Testimony or Autor accordingly._
As to the Spanish Directors Intervoning. One with respect to regray As to the Spanish Directors Intervening. One with respect to negroes
and the other with respect to Goods. We have wrote thereupon to Mr Dowles and the other with respect to Goods. We have wrote thereupon to Mr Bowles
who answers that you have comitted a Gross lrior if you consented thereto who answers that you have comitted a Gross Error if you consented thereto
unless the offices had presented at the same time a dispatch from the unless the officers had presented at the same time a dispatch from the
King, which they have not, and is contrary to what is strpulated, that no King, which they have not, and is contrary to what is stipulated, that no
Tribunal or Minister shall Intervene or take lognizance of the Affairs Tribunal or Minister shall Intervene or take Cognizance of the Affairs
of the Company. but only the Judge Conservator, whom you shall acint of the Company. but only the Judge Conservator, whom you shall appoint 
to whom youshall apply and demand redress. And if this is not done to whom you shall apply and demand redress. And if this is not done
to remit a Testimony inserting your Petition; and their answer to remit a Testimony inserting your Petition; and their answer
for without its appearing in a Judical and Legal Form, the for without its appearing in a Judical and Legal Form, the
Council of Indies cannot determine anything. And the by the Council of Indies cannot determine anything. And the by this
28th ard, its Provided that Hes Em. may neme Two Directory 28th art, its Provided that His C.M. may name Two Directors
in the Indier; yet to this time he has not done it. in the Indies; yet to this time he has not done it.
But as this was a Term without which you could not be But as this was a Term without which you could not be
admitted. We think you cacusable, but then you ought to have made admitted. We think you excusable, but then you ought to have made
the necessary Protests and sent us in order to our demanding Redress the necessary Protests and sent us in order to our demanding Redress
at madrid. at madrid.
This youl take care to send us accordingly. This you'l take care to send us accordingly.
We given directions to our agent at Madtrd in relation We given directions to our agent at Madrid in relation
to what yor Mind have Started, that the cannot Introduce Negroes from to what yor Mmrs  have Started, that We cannot Introduce Negroes from
Jamaua or any of our Islands, to which he answers, That such a Jamaica or any of our Islands, to which he answers, That such a
Pretence it ill grounded. for in the 12th art mention is only made Pretence is ill grounded. for in the 12th art mention is only made
that Whe shall send and take Negroes from the Coast of africa, but as from that Whe shall send and take Negroes from the Coast of Africa, but as from
thence they are first Landed at the said Island, it does no ways oppose. thence they are first Landed at the said Island, it does no ways oppose.
this mehod, and if you had sent the Autos by which the reasons alledged this method, and if you had sent the Autos by which the reasons alledged
do appear on both sides, a Declaration might be demanded at Madrid do appear on both sides, a Declaration might be demanded at Madrid
however however