275 275
Rest Excelent Most Excellent
a Compliment a Compliment
Londons March 177 Londons March 177
To the Marshall De Compo Don Brune To the Marshall De Compo Don Brune
do Cavela (whom God proserve in any Years do Cavela (whom God proserve in any Years
of the order of Catahava Govt and Capt of the order of Catahava Govt and Capt
Goanl of te braine or Benes Ayes. Goanl of te braine or Benes Ayes.
Rest Excelent Most Excellent
The Royal Assionto Company of Great Britain have The Royal Assiento Company of Great Britain have
recd the Letter you did thom the How to write them the rec'd the Letter you did thom the How to write them the
7 Septr last by their Ship the Sarah, and take this first 7 Septr last by their Ship the Sarah, and take this first
opportunity of Congidtulating yor Lords upon the opportunity of Congidtulating yo^ Lords upon the
Government wch his C. M. has been gleased so deservedly Government w^ch his C. M. has been pleased so deservedly
to Confer upon you. and it is a particalar fatisfaction to Confer upon you. and it is a particalar satisfaction
to us if Mr Thruppe the Presid of our ffactory in your to us if Mr Thruppe the Presid of our ffactory in your
City has Coen any ways Instrumontal in order to your City has Coen any ways Instrumontal in order to your
Cotter Enjoyment of it litter Enjoyment of it
We have been Informd of the great Worth & Goodne, We have been Inform'd of the great Worth & Goodness
of yor Lords and the kind Escrption protection ye of yor Lords and the kind Escrption protection ye
are pleasd to give to our Faftors and dffairs under the are pleas'd to give to our Faftors and affairs under the
managoment and shall osteoa our plies happy in the management and shall  as soon  our plies happy in the
continuance of so valuable a ffriendship, & meet all continuance of so valuable a ffriendship, & meet all
occasions of doing you service in these parts wth the occasions of doing you service in these parts wth the
greatest readyness greatest readyness
May God preserve yo Lords many years May God preserve yo Lords many years
We are We are
Sir Sir
Yormost sor and most Yormost sor and most
humble Servants humble Servants
Londons March 177 Londons March 177
The Court of Directors of the Royal The Court of Directors of the Royal
Assisnto Comps of Great Blittain Assisnto Comps of Great Blittain
Jas Batoman Sub Gov Jas Batoman Sub Gov
R Sorsey R Sorsey
S am Shepheard Depty S am Shepheard Depty
A Ingram A Ingram
Rich Houlditch Rich Houlditch
Mo Blunt Mo Blunt
Sam: Reade Sam: Reade
P Sela Porte P Sela Porte
Jam Comundson Jam Comundson
Charles Joye Charles Joye
m m
Tillard Tillard
Jo Turner Jo Turner
Francyles Francyles
L Blackwell L Blackwell
R Chaplin R Chaplin
H Morley H Morley
To the Marshall De Compo Don Brune To the Marshall De Compo Don Brune
do Cavela (whom God proserve in any Years do Cavela (whom God proserve in any Years
of the order of Catahava Govt and Capt of the order of Catahava Govt and Capt
Goanl of te braine or Benes Ayes. Goanl of te braine or Benes Ayes.