you with such a Quantity of Negroes as you shall write for and on her you with such a Quantity of Negroes as you shall write for and on her
arrival having cleared the negroes. load her with Sugars which you will arrival having cleared the negroes. load her with Sugars which you will
provide against her coming consigning them to Messrs Braddyl & torn at provide against her coming consigning them to Messrs Braddy & Horn at
Codiz with orders to sell them for Our account. Cadiz with orders to sell them for Our account.
You are to give the ship all Possible dispatch to prevent demnag You are to give the ship all Possible dispatch to prevent demorage
and take care to give the Mr such an Authentick Certificate That the and take care to give the Mr such an Authentick Certificate That the
Effects put onboard are the Produce of the negroes and also such Effects put onboard are the Produce of the negroes and also such
Authuntick Regr of the Goods put on board as are required by the 17th Authuntick Regn. of the Goods put on board as are required by the 17th.
526 art. of the assicnto. & 26. arts. of the assiento.
You awalls to take particularlare that nothing be puton board: but You are also to take particular Care that nothing be put on board. but
what is the Produce of our regroes: ner anye panish Pahengers it being contrary what is the Produce of our Negroes: nor any Spanish Passengers. it being contrary
to the 26 Art to the 26 Art.
We would not have you baulth the Sales of Our negroes for want We would not have you baulk the Sales of Our negroes for want
of them but always give timely notices to our agents at Tamaica who of them but always give timely notices to our agents at Jamaica who
have our Orders constantly to supply you against such times as you write have our Orders constantly to supply you against such times as you write
for em. Our agents at Jamaica advise us of the return of the logp for em. Our agents at Jamaica advise us of the return of the sloop
Keptune from your Place having delivered you the 86 Negroes puton Neptune from your Place having delivered you the 86 Negroes put on
board in good Order board in good Order
We direct you & next to give us an account of the Product We direct you & next to give us an account of the Product
and mannfactures of your Place and the Prices. We remain and mannfactures of your Place and the Prices. We remain
Ansu 12 June 1718 Answd 12 June 1718
Yor Loving Friends the Court of Yor Loving Friends the Court of
Directors of the South sea Company Directors of the South sea Company
George Caswall George Caswall
Daniel Hays Daniel Hays
Ja Dateman MbGor Ja Bateman Sub Gov
R Horsey R Horsey
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Theod. Sansien Theod. Janssen
Cacobsawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Dela Porte Pr. De la Porte
Wm Chapinan Wm Chapman
Robert Chester Som Skepheard Depy Robert Chester
Robert Chester Som Skepheard Depy Sam Shepheard Depy
Charles Soye Charles Joye
Ambrose Page Ambrose Page
Jno Blunt Jno. Blunt
Henry Durley Henry Durley
Thos: Reynolds. H Raymono Tho: Reynolds
Thos: Reynolds. H Raymono H Raymond
Jno Tellowes Jno. Fellowes