Powers he has that may affet the Company and gevern yor Selfaccordiungly Powers he has that may affect the Company and govern yo^r Self accordingly
in opposing any that may give him a handle to embarassou affairi. in opposing any that may give him a handle to embarass our affairs.
We hope by the Influence of Mr Hanhope You'l soon be able We hope by the Influence of M^r Hanhope You'l soon be able
to obtain the ledula for the Annl ship, even exclusive of our being to obtain the Cedula for the Annl ship, even exclusive of our being
obliged to stay the 420. Seeing the Galleonsds not go and Our obliged to stay the 4.[] Seeing the Galleons do not go and Our
Selling Our Goods imediately) upon arrival can be of no Prejudice Selling Our Goods imediately) upon arrival can be of no Prejudice
to the King of Spain, but on the Contrary) be of advantage to him in to the King of Spain, but on the Contrary) be of advantage to him in
respect to his Conuern as well as to the Company, But as this last y respect to his Concern as well as to the Company, But as this last is
meerty ametter of Grace it must be pray'd in the Softect terms possible [meely]  a matter of Grace it must be pray'd in the [Softect] terms possible
The Comle of Correspondence are to have a lonference to morrow The Com,^ce of Correspondence are to have a Conference  tomorrow
morning with Mr Seery Craggs and the Marg. Monteleon upon the morning with Mr Seery Craggs and the [Marg. Monteleon] upon the
Subject of the am ship. And We hope the reasons We shall give Subject of the An.^l ship. And We hope the reasons We shall give
for her departure will be so Prevalent as to induce the Marg to for her departure will be so Prevalent as to induce the Marg^s to
write in Our favour to the Court of Spain. In the mean while you write in Our favour to the Court of Spain. In the mean while you
are to lose notime in Solliciting it's dispatch all you lan. are to lose no time in Solliciting it's dispatch all youl an.
In our last We sent you copy of Dr Wm lon's letter to In our last We sent you copy of Sr Wm Eon's letter to
ship which you have no occasion to Publish being only for your ship, which you have no occasion to Publish being only for your
Particular Information Particular Information.
Weare sorry the I of Spain has pitched upon affion to be We are sorry the  of Spain has pitched upon [affion] to be
Govt of the lanaries deservet of such a Character. We shall this Gov.^s of the [lanaries] deserving of such a Character. We shall this
Evening caution Mr Nicholson who youboard Our lanary ship in the Evening caution M^r Nicholson who is onboard Our Canary ship in the
Downes that he avoid by all Possible means giving him the leart Downes that he avoid by all Possible means giving him the least
occason for resentment or differing with him, but that they do occason for resentment or differing with him, but that they do
everything in their Power to keep a good Correspondence with him everything in their Power to keep a good Correspondence with him
We are We are
Yor. Lovng Friendts Yor. Lovng Friends
Mc Powkr Owns Rct of this M^r Brooks Owns Rct. of this
The Committee of Correpont The Committee of Correpon'd
in his of the 25h July in his of the 25h July
P Thepheard Dep. S Shepheard Dep.
John Lambert John Lambert
Wm Chapman W^m Chapman
Jon gore Jo^n gore
Robert Custer Robert [Custer]
Jno Fellowes Jn^o Fellowes