South Seahouse London South Seahouse London
18th July 1717 18^th July 1717
Mr. Bowles Mr. Bowles
Our last was the 20th June (copy inclosed /(since which we Our last was the 20^th June (copy inclosed /(since which we
have teed yours of the 23rth of that Month 5th. &1t. Inst. with the Lict of the have rec^ed yours of the 28^th of that Month 5^th. &11^th. Inst. with the List of the
Hota for news pain and their Tunage. and approve your lutent to given Hope for news Spain and their Tonage. and approve your intent to give an
an account as well as you can learn of their Lading ac als of the shigs an account as well as you can learn of their Lading ac also of the ships
designed to go with hem designed to go with them
We have also red from Captn. Seymout the Packet of We have also rec^d from Capt^n. Seymout the Packet of
assento Contracts Conventions & Duplicates of Cedulas you mention asiento Contracts. Conventions & Duplicates of Cedulas you mention
in yours of the 24th May last to have sent by him in yours of the 24^th May last to have sent by him
We are Sorry that the delay to the depenting Memorials We are Sorry that the delay to the depenting Memorials
continue. and especially in regard to the Cedula for tramporting the continues and especially in regard to the Cedula for transporting the
Dedfords Goods to Peru, notwithstanding the several Represutations Bedford's Goods to Peru, notwithstanding the several Represutations
given in by the Sunta, and that you had not been prevail with our given in by the Junta, and that you had not been^able to prevail with our
Minitet to speak or write a word in favour of that affair. this We Minitet to speak or write a word in favour of that affair. this We
are the more concern'd at Because Our Carthagena Factory in their are the more concern'd at Because Our Carthagena Factory in their
last Letter which was dated the 3d May advise us that the getting asd last Letter which was dated the 3^th May advise us that the getting rid
of much the Major part of that cargoe depends upon the getting the of much the Major part of that cargoe depends upon the getting the
aforesaid Cedula. This is also confirmed by the little progress they aforesaid Cedula. This is also confirmed by the little progress they
& great want of that for trauporty have made in the Sales of the Goods they having from the 21t & great want of that for trauporty have made in the Sales of the Goods they having from the 21t
March 1716 to the last of March 1717: sold but to the amount of March 1716 to the last of March 1717: sold but to the amount of
$ 174.754. tho' the whole Cargoe amounted to about £143000. $ 174.754. tho' the whole Cargoe amounted to about £143000.
Our said Factory further advise us of the receipt of the Cedule Our said Factory further advise us of the receipt of the Cedule
We last sent them dated 12th November 1716. confirming the former We last sent them dated 12th November 1716. confirming the former
of the 26th Juily 175. and that they had been presented in form, and of the 26th Juily 175. and that they had been presented in form, and
complied with, and that the whole Cargoe. Iron included is adjuited complied with, and that the whole Cargoe. Iron included is adjuited
at 525 June of which the Iron sent to Jamaica was measured at 525 June of which the Iron sent to Jamaica was measured
at 65 Tuns for which We think We have very great reason to at 65 Tuns for which We think We have very great reason to
Foctor Factors
insist on an allowance. Our advise to have sent us the Accounts insist on an allowance. Our advise to have sent us the Accounts
relating to this affair: but they are not yet come to hand, when they relating to this affair: but they are not yet come to hand, when they