We have forwarded pd Senuts Letters, and as the Account of the Petaye We have forwarded yor Jesuits Letters, and as the Account of the Postage
come to our hands We shall send it you to receive unless you find it for the comes to our hands. We shall send if you to receive unless you find it for the
Companys Interest not to ask it Companys Interest not to ask it
As to the books they desire into send em Weshall write you insue As to the books they desire us to send em We shall write you in our
Next. Next.
We observe that Instead of the Heads We directed you to write under We observe that Instead of the Heads We directed you to write under
You have formed to yor selve several nuw ones, and have left out the You have formed to yor selve several new ones, and have left out the
head of missellanies, under which We have directed you to write all head of missellanies, under which We have directed you to write all
such things, as did not naturally come under the other heads. such things, as did not naturally come under the other heads.
The Sloop We designed to have sent with the Kingston Frigat The Sloop We designed to have sent with the Kingston Frigat --
being afterwards found umable to proceed. We have Provided the Frame being afterwards found unable to proceed. We have Provided the Frame
of another, which we design to send of the Wright Galley to be set up of another, which we design to send P the Wright Galley to be set up
with yon with you.
Inclosed is a ledula giving you Liberty to buy all Prige Negor Inclosed is a Cedula giving you Liberty to buy all Prize Negroes
at the rate of 110 P ppr of India at the rate of 110 $ P Ps of India
We have also oftained a Cedula for indulting all Negloes We have also obtained a Cedula for indulting all Negroes
illicitly introduced as woll before as since Our Assients and expect illicitly introduced as well before as since Our assiento and expect
the Originals from Madrid every Post, after which shall transmit the original from Madrid every Post, after which we shall transmit
to you by first opportunity. These Cedulas you are to put in Execution to you by the first opportunity. These Cedulas you are to put in execution
as occasion offers. as occasion offers.
We desire you to give all the dispatch possible to the Arabelle We desire you to give all the dispatch possible to the Arabelle. 
the owners being determined not to stay longer upon Demorage the owners being determined not to stay longer upon Demorage. 
than 60 days after the Expiration of the 75 days limitted in his than 60 days after the Expiration of the 75 days limitted in his
Charterparty– We remain Charterparty– We remain
Yor Loving Friends the Court of Yo^r Loving Friends the Court of
Directors of the Southteel Directors of the South sea c.^o
Ja Bateman SubGoo Ja Bateman SubGov.^r
r. Horse R. Horseu
Tho: Reynolds Tho: Reynolds
P Shopheard Dep P Shopheard Dep.
Jacob Sacobsen Jacob Sacobsen
Geo: Canal Geo: Caswal
Jacob Tawbridge Jacob Tawbridge
LBlackwell L:Blackwell
Sr Delaporte Sr .Delaporte
A Naymond A Raymond
P Hawes  F. Hawes
Po: Loye Cha: Loye
Wm Astell Wm Astell
John Plunt John Blunt
Jno Fellowe Jn: Fellower
Fran Eyle Fran Eyler
Robert Cheiter Robert Cheiter
sert Indesed sert Indesed
Copy of helast Copy of the cast
Copy of the Crowns Contract Copy of the Crowns Contract
copy of the arabolas Do copy of the arabolas D^r
ledule about Sny negroet Cedula about Prize negroes