and which will require your Close Attention. and which will require your Close Attention.
118 118
This We write in hast and serves only to acquaint you. That the This We write in hast and serves only to acquaint you. That the
have thought it Proper to put a stop to any further Payments of the have thought it Proper to put a stop to any further Payments of the
Assignments on this Company for the Arpends of the Ministers in the Assignments on this Company for the stipends of the Ministers in the,
favr stapt paying the Assignments favr stopt paying the Assignments
North, till we know whether the New King thinks fit to Confirnthat North, till we know whether the New King thinks fit to Confirm that
in favour of ye Ministers at Cambe in favour of y^e Ministers at Cambray
method of Payment, tillwhen, we doubt whether we can be uple method of Payment, till when, we doubt whether we can be justified
in observing the former Cedula in observing the former Cedula.
This is one reason for our declining these Payments. But we This is one reason for our declining these Payments. But we
have others of Equal Uright, for we think that the Company have not have others of Equal Wright, for we think that the Company have not
been so teated as to be very forward in Shewing this Peice of Complia been so treated as to be very forward in Shewing this Peice of Complians
And therefore as We apprehend the Eedulas must be Confirm'd, We And therefore as We apprehend the Cedulas must be Confirm'd, We
Instruct you to insist that the Company's Dependencies, especially the Instruct you to insist that the Company's Dependencies, especially the
most Material ones be dispatched before such Confirmation. And to assure most Material ones be dispatched. before such Confirmation. And to assure
those Ministers That otherwise it will not be Complied with those Ministers That otherwise it will not be Complied with~
We remain We remain
Sir Sir.
Yor Affectionate Friends Yo^r Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
P. Gonertlalloaderets PS. You will also advise us
whether any further Confinnations whether any further Confirmations
D. of Banor D: of Banor
John Eyles Suble John Eyles [Suble]
are necessary for our paying the are necessary for our paying the
John Rudge Dsa John .Rudge Dsa
Mr Gilligan Mr. Gilligan
other Assignments formerly granted other Assignments formerly granted
Nath Micklethwaite Nath Micklethwaite
on the Company whichare Pensions on the Company whichare Pensions
G Roberts G Roberts
for Life; As the suke of Banos's for Life; As the Duke of Banois
Mr Gilligans &c M^r Gilligan's &c
Po. Burrell Po. Burrell
Wm Brooke Wm Brooke
Augud 17 Novr. 1724 Augud 17 Nov^r. 1724
Hen: Cartwright Hen: Cartwright
Thos Savill Thos Savill
Wm Heath Wm Heath
Samuel Pitt Samuel Pitt
Thomas Ayle Thomas Ayles
Ard Hophins Rd Hopkins
Ben achicullar Benj^ [achicullar]
Matt. Raper Matt. Raper
Jo: Hanbury Jo: Hanbury
I Geirand ot De Pelia I Girand ot De Pelia
Hen. Saml Ere [Hen. Sa Eyre]