thing the Governs officers Admirals & ca shall beable to give us in thing the Govern.^r officers Admirals & c.^a shall be able to give us in
the Indies, without which, if We judge from what is past. We must the Indies, without which, if We judge from what is past. We must
expect all the Interuption & lavile they can make to Our Prejudice, except expect all the Interuption & lavils they can make to Our Prejudice, except
We will Bleed to their Satisfactions. We will Bleed to their Satisfactions.
We will Bleed to their Satisfactions. We will Bleed to their Satisfactions.
Whether the ship or goods be to be meaned, let the rule of Whether the ship or goods be to be meaned, let the rule of
measurement be inserted in the ledula. measurement be inserted in the ledula.
We further acquaint you that We have contracted & paid for We further acquaint You that We have contracted & paid for
Our Wines & Brandies to be ship'd from the lanaries with other goods Our Wines & Brandies to be ship'd from the lanaries with other goods
of those slands or Spain in June next for vera laug wherefore you of those Islands or Spain in June next for vera Cruz aug wherefore you
are without delay to procuse the Royal ledula for the Ship of 30 Juns are without delay to procure the, Royal Cedula for the Ship of 30 Tuns
to Proced therewith for the Havana Vereluy and what other Ports to Proceed therewith for the Havana Veraluy and what other Ports-
she may be directed to for the best market, and hasten the same to she may be directed to for the best market, and hasten the same to
us. The ship and the Comander may be left in Blark: she not us. The ship and the Comander may be left in Blark, she not
being yet frighted. We are. being yet frighted. We are.
Yor Loving Friends Yo.^r Loving Friends
The Comittee of Correpondeace The Comittee of Correspondence
We desire you to give u as We desire you to give us as
Samuel Repheard Dep. Samuel Repheard Dep.^ty
carly notice as you can wth is done carly notice as you can w.^th is done
Wm Chapman W.^m Chapman
Mr Powles oun rect of this latter
in relation to the sailing of ye Galcons in relation to the sailing of y.^e Galeons
Jno Fellowe Jn.^o Fellowes
Wm Astell W.^m Astell
South Sea house South Sea house
Messrs Thompson, Pratter Messrs Thompson, Pratter
& Harelwood & Haselwood.
London 15 January 177 London 15th January 1717
Our last was the 31. October of the latergng Our last was the 31th October P the Enterprize
Capt. Wilks copy Inclosed. Since which have reced yor of the 26th Capt Wilks copy Inclosed. Since which have reced yor of the 26th
& 28th August 19th & 20th October which we shall difer answering till & 28th August 19th & 20th October which We shall defer answering till
Our next. In the mean Time, this serves to give covert to the inclosed Our next. In the mean Time, this Serves to give covert to the inclosed
Packets to Our Carthagena and Panama Factorice, As also aledula Packets to Our Carthagena and Panama Factories, As also Cedula
from his Cath Majty to Transport such part of the Bedfords Cargoe from his Cath Majty to Transport such part of the Bedford's Cargoe
from Carthagena to Portobelo as our Factors shall see Proper. And from Carthagena to Portobelo as our Factors shall see Proper: And
We having considered the Danger from Pyrates, which We understand We having considered the Danger from Pyrates, which We understand
are are