enquir wt other Codulas the Funch Enquire whatother Cedulas the French had which are necessary forus and enquire what other Cedulas the French had which are necessary for us and
send us on account, and we shall give the Proper directions for Rocuring send us on account, and we shall give the Proper directions for Procuring
them them
Concerning Shiping Concerning Shiping
We note what you write concerning the Typates. We hope the We note what you write concerning the Pyrates. We hope the
King's Proclamation and the Force sent out against them will soon King's Proclamation and the Force sent out against them will soon
Suppress them. In the mantime. We are seuving a ship of force to same. Suppress them. In the mantime. We are serving a ship of force to same.
& Poctobelo which will depart hence in a month or 6 Weeks and will be & Portobelo which will depart hence in a month or 6 Weeks and will be
ordered to touch at your Place in her return in Order to bringing back ordered to touch at your Place in her return in Order to bringing back
all the money & efects you are able to send, for which w direct youto all the money & efects you are able to send, for which we  direct you to
make Provision accordingly. make Provision accordingly.
Concerning Merchandize Concerning Merchandize
We approve yo. endeavours for disposing of what of the Bedfords We approve yor endeavours for disposing of what of the Bedfords
(Cargoe you can at your Place. And not your having sold to the amount Cargoe you can at your Place. And note your having sold to the amount
of 21184 p on upon Security of Bono. of 21184 $ 1/2 upon Security of Bond.
We have reced the Gold & Silver yousent us by the Herbert. We have reced the Gold & Silver you sent us by the Herbert.--
amounting as p bill of Lading & Invoice to 140571 $ 6 on Account amounting as p bill of Lading & Invoice to 140571 $ 6 rs on Account
of Goods & Negroes. of Goods & Negroes.
Weare svery you could get no Logwood. We are sorry you could get no Logwood.
As to the Braziletta wood which you say could be taken in Barter As to the Braziletta wood which you say could be taken in Barker
for Goods & negroes, but that you want to know at what price with you for Goods & negroes, but that you want to know at what price with you
it will answer in England. you ought to have told us the Pruce it it will answer in England. you ought to have told us the Price it
bears with you for our Government. However the Price in Genl. bears with you for our Government. However the Price in Genl
it bears is £15:10- ptun and pays out of it £2:10- Cutom it bears is £15:10- P tun and pays out of it £2&10- Custom
besides wastage and other charges so that it generally renders here besides wastage and other charges so that it generally renders here
&hn about £12-10 by which youl be able to Judge whether by the price P tun about  £12-10 by which you'l be able to Judge whether by the price
it is with you it will answer here it is with you it will answer here
Your answer to our objections to yo Last years accounts will be Your answer to our objections to yor Last years accounts will be
examined into examined into
Wenote yr having Reced back from Mr Cunbalege 25o f which you We note yor having Reced back from Mr Cumberlege 250 $ which you