Weare sorry to hear of the Disturbance at carhagene occasioned by We are sorry to hear of the Disturbance at carhagene occasioned by
the Captn. of the Herbert's delivering out his Bayonets to be cleaned, and he the Capt^n. of the Herbert's delivering out his Bayonets to be cleaned, and he
Danger yor Selves and our Exects in your hands were caposed to on that Danger yo^r Selves and our Effects in your hands were exposed to on that
account. We have stated the matter to our Agents at Madied and have account. We have stated the matter to our Agents at Madrid and have
given them directions as well to Justify the Company and the Captn. As to do given them directions as well to Justify the Company and the Capt^n. As to do
justice to yhour Governour & ct in this respect, as for Preventing the like virlency justice to yo^r Governor & [ ] in this respect, as for Preventing the likes violence
for the future that Satisfaction be demanded of the Court of Spain and the for the future that Satisfaction be demanded of the Court of Spain and the
officers be brought to Punishment, and for obtaining his eMr street orders officers be brought to Punishment, and for obtaining his eMr street orders
to prevent the like for the future. to prevent the like for the future.
However We think Proper for the future That you give the lasty However We think Proper for the future That you give the Capt.n
of our ships such Precautions in this behalf as that they may notbring any ill of our ships such Precautions in this behalf as that they may not bring any ill
consequences upon yor selves and your Effects and We have reason to beleive the consequences upon yo^r selves and your Effects and We have reason to beleive the
true Cause of this Disturbance was occasioned by landing a small quantity true Cause of this Disturbance was occasioned by landing a small quantity
of Dayonets: Wherefore inform us the number and time occasion of it of Bayonets: Wherefore inform us the number and time occasion of it .
Ac to Ourtying up the Captn of the Herbert against taking any Exfect As to Our tying up the Capt.^n of the Herbert against taking any Effect
but what should be ship'd by you and consigned to the Company. Youmust but what should be ship'd by you and consigned to the Company. You must
be Sentible that it is necesary forus so to do. not only because ourships be Sentible that it is necesary for us so to do. not only because our ships
are forbid taking in Spanish Effects or Spanish Patengers, but were they are forbid taking in Spanish Effects or Spanish Pasengers, but were they
allowed to take in Goods it might Prejudice Our market But as for his allowed to take in Goods it might Prejudice Our market But as for his -
taking in Bullion, there was inserted no regative Clause. and Perceive taking in Bullion, there was inserted no negative Clause. and Perceive
you understand this Latter better than at first you understand this Latter better than at first
We note what you write in Relation to Capt. Greenhill's not We note what you write in Relation to Capt.^ Greenhill's not
coming into yor Harbour for his dispatches in due time and yor other coming into yo^r Harbour for his dispatches in due time and yo^r other
Irecautions against incurring Domorage and approve thereof, as also Precautions against incurring Domorage and approve thereof, as also
yor silling him 401 872. Fustick at 6hr which you have placed to yo^r selling him 401.87^th1/2 Fustick at 61/2 r.s which you have placed to
One Credit. One Credit.
We have aecquainted Mr. Bowles with yor Receipt of his We have acquainted M^r. Bowles with yo^r Receipt of his
hav agquainted Mr Bookes wth your Letter of the 6th April with copy of one of the 6th Marca relating te fo Letter of the 6^th April with copy of one of the 6^th March relating to 2 [teylop]
yur autos about the Bodfords affair your autos about the Bedfords affair. 
We shall observe what you write as to an Assoctment for the Bedford We shall observe what you write as to an Assortment for the Bedford
Cargoe to come o the Annual ship Cargoe to come o the Annual ship
We approve of yor allowing the Govern. Secretary $100 We approve of yo^r allowing the Govern^nt. Secretary $100
6 Hand