the Persons of whom bought: the Quantity, Quality & price of every The Persons of whom bought: the Quantity, Quality & price of every
individual Species, what for ready money, and what at time and how individual Species, what for ready money, and what at time and how
long) with the names of the Ships onboard which the same were respectively long with the names of the Ships on board which the same were respectively
Shipd. Shipd.
That if any thing be material relating to the good or bad guality That if any thing be material relating to the good or bad quality
of the Goods well or ill ordering and pachave of them. He give notice there of the Goods well or ill ordering and packages of them. He give notice thereof
in writing to the President & Council which notice is to be entred in in writing to the President & Council which notice is to be entred in
the Comcultation Book the Consultation Book
That he lay before the Council a Weekly or Monthly account at That he lay before the Council a Weekly or Monthly account at
they shall direct of the said Goods, in order to be entred in the General se they shall direct of the said Goods, in order to be entred in the General Books
of the Tuctory, and also acquaint the Council of all his transactions. of the Factory, and also acquaint the Council of all his transactions.
That the Secretary keep the Council Book, manage the That the Secretary keep the Council Book, manage the
Conrespondence, direct orders to the several Officers & others and see correspondence direct order to the General Office & others see
that they be duly exccuted, and that he otherwise a but as the Council that they be duly executed, and that he otherwise a but as the Council
shall direct, and that he keep up a lopy of all the Letters of Concepse shall direct, and that he keep up a Copy of all the Letters of Correspon
rence sent & reted and transmit it us as opportunity offers  dence & reced and transmit it in as as opportunity offers
That the Keeper or Supervisor of the nearoes keep a That the Keeper or Supervisor of the negroes keep a
Regular & exact account of what negroes come by each ship. Howmane Regular & exact account of what negroes come by each ship. How many
men Women Boys & Girles and their ages and how they are duposed of men, Women, Boys & Girls and their ages and how they are disposed of
to whom and at what prices. and what for time and how long, and w to whom and at what prices. and what for time and how long, and wt
for ready money, and to belance the Account of Negroes by each shiyp for ready money, and to balance the Account of Negroes by each ship
that he lay before the Council a Weekly or Monthly account as That he lay before the Council a Weekly or Monthly account as
they shall direct of the said Negroes in order to be entred in the they shall direct of the said Negroes in order to be entered in the
General Books of the Factory, and also agquaint the Council of General Books of the Factory, and also acquaint the Council of
all his transactions. all his transactions.
And that he do such other business as the conncil shalldiret. And that he do such other business as the council shall direct.
That the Surgeon, Administer Survery & Phinch out of the That the Surgeon, Administer Survery & Phinch out of the
Company's Medicines to the Factory whenever there shall be occasion Company's Medicines to the Factory whenever there shall be occasion
Graty Graty
That he vist the Regioes as often every day as That he visit the Negroes as often every day as
occasion occasion