Fuott 156 Negroes and from the Speedwell Stoop 10. and that out of the former Foott 156 Negroes and from the Speedwell Sloop 10. and that out of the former
the Syrates took 23 and 2 Died whilst in their hands, and that tho they were a the pyrates took 23 and 2 Died whilst in their hands, and that tho they were a
good Parcel, yet with those taken out by the Pytates and 64 by our agents good Parcel, yet with those taken out by the Pyrates and 64 by our agents
at Jamaica the Assertment was not Proper the Captn affiming they were all as at Jamaica the Assortment was not Proper the Captn affiming they were all as
good as any he delivered you. We never gave our Agents at Jamaica directions good as any he delivered you. We never gave our Agents at Jamaica directions
to take out any but such as were really refuse and those to be Supplied with to take out any but such as were really refuse and those to be Supplied with
gad one. good one.
We observe the Progress you make in the Sales and expect as you We observe the Progress you make in the Sales and expect as you
finish any largoes distinct and Regular accounts of sales as directed finish any Cargoes distinct and Regular accounts of sales as directed
That you had contracted for a Pariel on Condition to stand to Saaths That you had contracted for a Parcel on Condition to stand to Deaths
and Informities for 15 days whereupon 3 were returned you in whose room and Infirmities for 15 days whereupon 8 were returned you in whose room
others were chosen. This method is what our Panrma Factory never others were chosen. This method is what our Panama Factory never
Practice tho' their Prices are much better than yours. You will consider wele Practice tho' their Prices are much better than yours. You will consider well
of it and continue ordicontinue it as you find most for our Service and of it and continue or discontinue it as you find most for our Service and
Surch Sales. Such Sales.
We have reced the Regulation of Captn Tootts negroes making 142 We have reced the Regulation of Captn Footts negroes making 142
ty pr Indie but not the Certif: the one that Deed which you promied to 4/7 ps India but not the Certif: the one that Died which you promised to
send which you wout smit preat. We think that Regulation very hugh send which you wont omit p next. We think that Regulation very high
considering so many Homenand Children considering so many Women and Children
We approve your Supplying Our Factors at Caba with Negroes, so We approve your Supplying Our Factors at Cuba with Negroes, so
long as you find it for the Company's advantage and are glad it gives veut long as you find it for the Company's advantage and are glad it gives vent
to such as may happen to come to you and are not Proper for your Market. to such as may happen to come to you and are not Proper for your Market.
We note your having reced p the Specowell 83 Barrols Flower wch We note your having reced p the Speedwell 83 Barrols Flower wch
Fever locnd up p Royal offan are Lekd up pf the Royal Opeers. Send ts the reasons for their so are Lock'd up p the Royal Officers. Send us the reasons for their so
doing and whether tis any charge to us. We are not so imposed on in Our doing and whether tis any charge to us. We are not so imposed on in Our
other Factories. other Factories.
Concerning Indulto s. Confiscations & Illicit Trade Concerning Indulto s. Confiscations & Illicit Trade
and cedulas & Processes relating thereto and cedulas & Processes relating thereto
We note what you write as to the Indulto and how We note what you write as to the Indulto and how
inconsiderably it has pronued. The Proceedings upon which we have inconsiderably it has produced. Ther Proceedings upon which we have
reced as also those upon Our being denied the liberty of Publishing reced as also those upon Our being denied the liberty of Publishing
it a second time which We have sent to Madrid and are Solliciting it a second time which We have sent to Madrid and are Solliciting
for the General Cedula you advise uts for Indulting all Negroy for the General Cedula you advise us for Indulting all Negroes
ellicitly illicitly