their last Letter to uis dated the 20th. Janry advice is that our Judgeloners. their last Letter to uis dated the 20th. Janry advice is that our Judgeloners.
at Lima writes them that the Prior & Consuls of the Comerce had pented at Lima writes them that the Prior & Consuls of the Comerce had pented
Sevl mem. to the ViceKing to Prohibit Our Goods by the Annuel ship Sevl mem. to the ViceKing to Prohibit Our Goods by the Annuel ship
being Imported there. except came with the Galleans, and tho' they at being Imported there. except came with the Galleans, and tho' they at
the same time advise us of the ridiculowsness of this Pretence and that the same time advise us of the ridiculowsness of this Pretence and that
it is not beleived the Vice King or Audiencia will meadle with it, yet it it is not beleived the Vice King or Audiencia will meadle with it, yet it
behoves us to take all necessary Precautions to prevent such an embarassment behoves us to take all necessary Precautions to prevent such an embarassment
you are therefore with Mr Uzardi to consult about it, and to take care you are therefore with Mr Uzardi to consult about it, and to take care
that the Cedule for this ship departure and admission be so worded as that the Cedule for this ship departure and admission be so worded as
to remove all Retensions of this nature. to remove all Retensions of this nature.
We note the Payment becomes due the 1t May, at which We note the Payment becomes due the 1t May, at which
time it is punitually expected. This affair being imediately under the time it is punitually expected. This affair being imediately under the
Cognizance of the Comittee of the Treasury. You are to tore pond with Cognizance of the Comittee of the Treasury. You are to tore pond with
them as usual. We are, them as usual. We are,
yor Loving Friends yor Loving Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
We beleive it is now certain that the Galleons We beleive it is now certain that the Galleons
will not go this year: and therefore tho' by the will not go this year: and therefore tho' by the
last Convention We have not liberty to sell the last Convention We have not liberty to sell the
largoe of our annual ship till 4 months after largoe of our annual ship till 4 months after
her arrival unless the Galleonsarrive sooner, her arrival unless the Galleonsarrive sooner,
But the design of this was plainly only to fvent But the design of this was plainly only to fvent
our Anticipating the sale of the Goods by the falleons our Anticipating the sale of the Goods by the falleons
and not with any Intention of keeping Our Goods and not with any Intention of keeping Our Goods
to spoil, or any way detriment the sale of them to spoil, or any way detriment the sale of them
To that We think it will not be an unreasonable To that We think it will not be an unreasonable
request to the Court of Madred to give us a request to the Court of Madred to give us a
Cedula for dispensing for this time with the Cedula for dispensing for this time with the
keeping our Goods unsold hose 4 Mo. And Wedeire keeping our Goods unsold hose 4 Mo. And Wedeire
you to make application accordingly. The beneft you to make application accordingly. The beneft
to His cath Majy in respect of his Quarke part to His cath Majy in respect of his Quarke part
may be used as an Argument to obtain this, you may be used as an Argument to obtain this, you
mut be speedy in this application that so We mut be speedy in this application that so We
may, if Possible, have this Cedula before the may, if Possible, have this Cedula before the
departure of the Royal George, The Chevalier departure of the Royal George, The Chevalier
Eon has Promised to write to the Ministers in Eon has Promised to write to the Ministers in
Ppain to the same effect. Ppain to the same effect.
Sent inclosed in the above copy of last Lee Sent inclosed in the above copy of last Lee
Mr Bowles own the Red. of this inhes of 30 May Mr Bowles own the Red. of this inhes of 30 May
Ja Bateman Sub Gos Ja Bateman Sub Gos
Iam Repheard Dep: Iam Repheard Dep:
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Jacob Jacobren Jacob Jacobren
Sor fore Sor fore
Robert Chester Robert Chester
A Raymond A Raymond
T. Hawes T. Hawes
W Morley W Morley
R. Horsey R. Horsey
Wm. Fillard Wm. Fillard
Jno Fellowes Jno Fellowes
Fran Eyles Fran Eyles
Ste: Child Ste: Child
Jacob Lawbridge Jacob Lawbridge
Wm Hamond Wm Hamond
Jno. Blunt Jno. Blunt
wm astell wm astell
A Ingram A Ingram
Charles Soye Charles Soye
Sam Reade Sam Reade