We shall for the future sand no more hapd Pays and observe to 4 We shall for the future send no more hapd bays and observe t^o
You write concerning the largoe of Our Annual ship. You write concerning the cargoe of Our Annual ship.
We hall send you advice and Patterns as soon as may be of the 5 We hall send you advice and Patterns as soon as may be of the
Woollen Goods deuigned for yo Parts by the next annual ship In Woollen Goods deuigned for yo^r Parts by the next annual ship In
order for your writing to Peru for the Meechants to come down order for your writing to Peru for the Merchants to come down
for the quicher sale. for the quicker sale.
As to the Quality. Colours & c. We shall take such care 6 As to the Quality. Colours & c. We shall take such care
that shall not be liable to any exception that shall not be liable to any exception
you advice us that in lase Our Goods are brought to Panama 7 You advice us that in case Our Goods are brought to Panama
from Portob to be sold it would be necessary that We order each Bale from Portob^o to be sold it would be necessary that We order each Bale
or Box not to exceed about 160. wigh otherwise they must be sent vie or Box not to exceed about 160. weight otherwise they must be sent via
Chagra and Repack'd there to yt weight to bring to Panama wch Chagra and Repack'd there to y^t weight to bring to Panama w^ch
shall be accordingly complyed with shall be accordingly complyed with
Wo understand that upon the Representation of the Comerce 8 We understand that upon the Representation of the Comerce
of Carthagena Yos Govr and Royal Andienca granted o free Tolleration of Carthagena Yo^r Gov^r and Royal Andiencia granted o free Tolleration
for One half of the Goods by the Permission ships of Captn. Evchever for One half of the Goods by the Permission ships of Capt^n. Evchever
anno 1713 being still En Ser might be imported to Panama, within the anno 1713 being still En Ser might be imported to Panama, within the
Term of 6 months notwithstanding the Vigorous oppositions of the Term of 6 months notwithstanding the Vigorous oppositions of the
Comerce at yo Place. Autos concerning which you say in yours of he Comerce at yo^r Place. Autos concerning which you say in yours of the
3d July you have sent Us, they are not come to hand neither are they 3^d July you have sent Us, they are not come to hand neither are they
mentioned in the list of the Papers. mentioned in the list of the Papers.
We are sensible of the Good service you have done us in 9 We are sensible of the Good service you have done us in
getting a Positive Licence from yor President for imediately importing getting a Positive Licence from yo^r President for imediately importing
the Goods from larth?. We have perused the said Licence by the Goods from larth?. We have perused the said Licence by
which the find that what tunage is wanting to compleat the Bedfords which the find that what tunage is wanting to compleat the Bedfords
Licence may be imported by our Assicnto vessels from Jamaica and Licence may be imported by our Assicnto vessels from Jamaica and
that the Sron at Tamaica & included in the 5254 t tuns at which that the Sron at Tamaica & included in the 5254 t tuns at which
the Goods were measured. To that We take it for granted We have the Goods were measured. To that We take it for granted We have
the Liberty of transporting that as well as the 744 from Sam: the Liberty of transporting that as well as the 744 from Sam:
and in he mean time We are providing the 744 tunnage in and in he mean time We are providing the 744 tunnage in
fine fine