To John Shruppe Esqr President and To John Thruppe Esqr President and
the rest of the Factory to the Royal Assinto the rest of the Factory to the Royal Assinto
Company of Great Brittain at Buenos Ayres Company of Great Brittain at Buenos Ayres
South Sea house Lond 8. May 1777 South Sea house Lond 8th. May 1777
Sendr Gentn
Whereas We advised you in ours of the 3d Instant Whereas We advised you in ours of the 3d Instant
that We should soon toke up another ship for your Port to compleat that We should soon take up another ship for your Port to compleat
our 4 Regroe ships for the year 177 and directed you to provide our 4 Negroe ships for the year 1717 and directed you to provide
returns accordingly. We have since considered of it, and the Season returns accordingly. We have since considered of it, and the Season
of the year being so far advanced and having already sent 1300 Regive of the year being so far advanced and having already sent 1300 Negroes
for this years supply We have alter'd our opinion. So you are not for this years supply We have alter'd our opinion. So you are not
to expect that other ship; but make us as ample returns as possible by to expect that other ship; but make us as ample returns as possible by
those We have already sent. those We have already sent.
We expect you send us as much silver in return as Possibly We expect you send us as much silver in return as Possibly
You can, And not to buy more hides till you have sent home You can, And not to buy more hides till you have sent home
what you have: for We find many of em much damaged by what you have: for We find many of em much damaged by
he worm and therefore must have none but what are very the worm and therefore must have none but what are very
good good
We are We are
Yors Loving Friends Yors Loving Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
Ja Bateman SubGoo Ja Bateman SubGovr
Sam Shepheard Dep Sam Shepheard Dep
Sheod Sanken Theod Janssen
Jno Fellowes Jno Fellowes
Wm Chapman Wm Chapman
Ambrose Page Ambrose Page
Dr Dela Porte Pr Dela Porte
L Blackwell L Blackwell
Harcourt Master Harcourt Master
Ro Horsey Rd Horsey
Fran Eyles Fran Eyles
Richd Houlditch Richd Houlditch
Jo Gore Jo Gore
Wm Hamond Wm Hamond
Jacob Sawbridge Jacob Sawbridge
Wm Astell Wm Astell
Hor: Townshend Hor: Townshend
Iam. Reade Sam. Reade
NB NB
The Hide by the Warwick were The Hide by the Warwick were
many of them damaged to the Quantity of 3 p of them many of them damaged to the Quantity of 1/8 pt of them
SS SS
10) Miard 1 2 pid 178 (106) Answered 4 April 1718