To the Factory at Vera Crur To the Factory at Vera Cruz
South Sea house South Sea house
14th June 1713 14th June 1713
Gentl Gentl
The Court of Directors having referd to us the Committee of The Court of Directors having referd to us the Committee of
Correspondence to give you our Sentiments and orders for managing yor selves in Correspondence to give you our Sentiments and orders for managing yor selves in
this Conjuncture that you may make us the largest returns Possible by this ship this Conjuncture that you may make us the largest returns Possible by this ship
without detaining her Longer hanneets must, And We may have as few effects without detaining her Longer hanneets must, And We may have as few effects
Couee of Cornrespond lporate beft in that Country as mayte, should a Wtar bresk nut between us and spain for left in that Country as mayte, should a Wtar bresk nut between us and spain for
which you will have a good opportunity when the lote and our ant shy are which you will have a good opportunity when the lote and our ant shy are
come away). there will be noother sofe Conveyances Thi year to bring off any come away). there will be noother sofe Conveyances Thi year to bring off any
Truits of the Country normoney which after ye Departure of ye sd Ships may have Truits of the Country normoney which after ye Departure of ye sd Ships may have
become more Plentifull. We think fit to export you with more hanordenars become more Plentifull. We think fit to export you with more hanordenars
diligence to set your selves upon the Bartering out right what goods may be left diligence to set your selves upon the Bartering out right what goods may be left
undisposed of of the Royal Porme and of the former Lienceship against he fruits undisposed of of the Royal Porme and of the former Lienceship against he fruits
of the Country as Cochincal Grana Silvestie. Indigs of the 1. Sort & 2d but of the Country as Cochincal Grana Silvestie. Indigs of the 1. Sort & 2d but
hone of the 3d or corte ye Color Sort Of he best of Sillog, all which Mr Hackins hone of the 3d or corte ye Color Sort Of he best of Sillog, all which Mr Hackins
conchuse. And of that sort of Copper mentioned in the Courts Letter. And auatto conchuse. And of that sort of Copper mentioned in the Courts Letter. And auatto
of the same sort and Gooones, as that to the London to the Quantity of Three housed of the same sort and Gooones, as that to the London to the Quantity of Three housed
prinds wth & with ye Bills & Arnds or other Securtie you have for the prinds wth & with ye Bills & Arnds or other Securtie you have for the
debts owing you to purchase any orall of the said SeveralSorts of Truits debts owing you to purchase any orall of the said SeveralSorts of Truits
that you can obtain on reasoneble terne. And are the beit of the kind, indoing that you can obtain on reasoneble terne. And are the beit of the kind, indoing
which Letter you will have the less difficulty since they will become payable which Letter you will have the less difficulty since they will become payable
before these can be an opportunity of Exporting their Comodities, And before these can be an opportunity of Exporting their Comodities, And
if they are not asignable, the Destors may take up their former Seuritie if they are not asignable, the Destors may take up their former Seuritie
and enter into fresh ones to those who you agre with and deliver their Goods and enter into fresh ones to those who you agre with and deliver their Goods
By this Means if you manage well and employ only the cheifest Brote By this Means if you manage well and employ only the cheifest Brote
who hath the best credit and isin most esteem. and Reserve to yor kelvy the who hath the best credit and isin most esteem. and Reserve to yor kelvy the
true reason that induce you herefo giving Out it is to enable us from hence true reason that induce you herefo giving Out it is to enable us from hence
to set out a valuable Cargoe the following year and such like. We make no said to set out a valuable Cargoe the following year and such like. We make no said
but you may return this ship file Ladiu with the Valuablest Comodities in a but you may return this ship file Ladiu with the Valuablest Comodities in a
short time. and that her Carge from the Cananes Since the King of Spain short time. and that her Carge from the Cananes Since the King of Spain
hath put astop to their Comerce with you, will be much wanted and gaild hath put astop to their Comerce with you, will be much wanted and gaild
a Pleasing Profit. a Pleasing Profit.
We. We.