2d. All khings matcrial relating to the god or ad guelity of the Gods 2d. All things material relating to the good or bad quality of the Goods
or well or ill Package of them to be netify'd to the President & Council or well or ill Package of them to be notify'd to the President & Council
and Eutred into the Council Book. and Entered into the Council Book.
3d To lay before the Council a Weekly or Monthly Account ac heshall 3d To lay before the Council a Weekly or Monthly Account as they shall
direct of the Grods & Negroes in order to their being Extred in the Genl direct of the Goods & Negroes in order to their being Entred in the Genl
Books of the Patory Books of the Factory
4th The Main Cash to be adjusted and the State thereof to ke lad 4th The Main Cash to be adjusted and the State thereof to be laid
before the Council monthly. before the Council monthly.
5th To hap a Sournal forly written of all the Proceedings of 5th To keep a Journal fairly written of all the Proceedings of
the Council (copies whereof to be annually transmitted) with a the Council (copies whereof to be annually transmitted) with a
Perfect Account of all receipts and disbursement, and also a phute Perfect Account of all receipts and disbursement, and also a P ticular
account of all Goods bought and sold. account of all Goods bought and sold.
6th To keep Exact accounts of all negroes reced the several 6th To keep Exact accounts of all negroes reced the several
prices fromday today), as they are disposed of and a ParticularAwo. prices from day today), as they are disposed of and a Particular Acco.
of such as dye. and by every opportunity to transmit a copy thereof of such as dye. and by every opportunity to transmit a copy thereof
attected by the Council attested by the Council
7th Touse their bet endeavours with the Gov. & Royal officers 7th To use their best endeavours with the Govr. & Royal officers
to prevent & hinder all manner of Clandeitine pade of Persons to prevent & hinder all manner of Clandestine trade of Persons
introducing Neglocs to your or other neighbouring places, which would introducing Negros to your or other neighbouring places, which would
highly tend to the disadvantage of the Companye highly tend to the disadvantage of the Company
8th To sell the Goods for ready money. Barter or Trust on the beit leai 8th To sell the Goods for ready money. Barter or Trust on the be it Security
How to dipon of the Eliabeths could be got, and the Elizabeth being to stay Six months at Veraluur. We could be got, and the Elizabeth being to stay Six months at Vera Cruz, We
hope you will in that time be able to dispose of all our Goods & returne hope you will in that time be able to dispose of all our Goods & returns
us the Produce in Gold. Silver or Comodities. fit for this part of the us the Produce in Gold. Silver or Comodities. fit for this part of the
World by the said ship, But if it should happen that you are not able World by the said ship, But if it should happen that you are not able
to dispose of the whole Cargoe during the Continuance of the ship to dispose of the whole Cargoe during the Continuance of the ship
Elizabeth with you so as to make full returns by her. In such case Elizabeth with you so as to make full returns by her. In such case
the Produce of what remains you are from time to time to send by the Produce of what remains you are from time to time to send by
every good conveyance to Our Factors at Jamaica to be by them every good conveyance to Our Factors at Jamaica to be by them
transmitted to us, unless you have a good Conveniency to send them transmitted to us, unless you have a good Conveniency to send them
directly to England. Whereupon We make the following observations directly to England. Whereupon We make the following observations
Aito the1 We find Several Resolutions in your Council book As to the 1st .We find Several Resolutions in your Council book
to buy Goods, but no Particular Bargain mentioned (exceptone to buy Goods, but no Particular Bargain mentioned (except one