English Manufactures You will enquire what other Comoditys English Manufactures, You will enquire what other Comoditys
that up less room will turn to Accot with the prices they Sell at that up less room will turn to Accot with the prices they Sell at
& what Quantitys, whereby We may be enabled to make our ship so & what Quantitys, whereby We may be enabled to make our ship so
much the richer. Hereof You are to give us as full an Account in much the richer: Hereof You are to give us as full an Account in
Writing at Your Return, as You possibly can, together with whatever Writing at Your Return, as You possibly can, together with whatever
else may Occure to you for our better knowledge of the Trade, and else may Occurr to you for our better knowledge of the Trade, and
the Improvement thereof; And in the mean Time, You are to send the Improvement there of; And in the mean Time, You are to send
us by every opportunity by the Way of Jamaica or otherwise us by every opportunity by the Way of Jamaica or otherwise
Accot of the Current prices of Goods in New Spain for our Guidance Acc^t of the Current prices of Goods in New Spain for our Guidance
in asorting the succeding Ships Cargo, & avcording what Goods are in assorting the succeeding Ships Cargo, & avoiding what Goods are
not proper; You are also to inform us what Progress You make in= not proper; You are also to inform us what Progress You make in
the Sales of the Cargo, & at what prices, and the Time You rection the Sales of the Cargo, & at what prices, and the Time You rection
for your coming away. This being essential for us to know, You are for your coming away. This being essential for us to know, You are
not to omit to inform us as often as possible. not to omit to inform us as often as possible.
33 As by the Engagements Entred into between the Crowns 33 As by the Engagements Entred into between the Crowns
of Great Britain & Spain by the Assiento Treaty, the Tunage allowed of Great Britain & Spain by the Assiento Treaty, the Tunage allowed
to be Imported into the Spanish West Indies, by the Comps. Annual to be Imported into the Spanish West Indies, by the Comp. Annual
Ship is limited to 650 Tuns, So Consequently any Goods or Ship is limited to 650 Tuns, So Consequently any Goods or
Merchandizes privately, & without Lycense of the Comps. carried Merchandizes privately, & without Lycense of the Comps. carried
on board their said Ship must be Dangerous & otherwise prejudicial on board their said Ship must be Dangerous & otherwise prejudicial
Subjecting the Comps. to Lenaltys, Farfictures & other Inconseniencye Subjecting the Comps. to Penaltys, Forfeitures & other Inconveniencys
in their Trade wch it behoveth us by all possible Means to prevent in their Trade, w^ch it behoveth us by all possible Means to prevent.
You are neither for your Selves, or for any other Person or Persons You are neither for your Selves, or for any other Person or Persons
whatsoever to Carry & knowingly suffer to be Carried on board whatsoever to Carry & knowingly suffer to be Carried on board
Our said Ship from the port of London or any other Place in Our said Ship from the port of London or any other Place in
the the