some measure, and allowing 4 months for the negioes to Hay in some measure, and allowing 4 months for the negroes to stay in
yor Island, Producing a Legal Testimonial at the Ports in the Spanish yor Island, Producing a Legal Testimonial at the Ports in the Spanish
West Indics, to prove that the Negroes were not there a Longer time West Indies, to prove that the Negroes were not there a Longer time
without which they are not to be admitted; This Cedula We expect will without which they are not to be admitted; This Cedula We expect will
Toon be issued, You will therefore take lare to send with every Vesset Soon be issued, You will therefore take Care to send with every Vessel
the Proper Testimony to Prevent any Imbarrassment the Proper Testimony to Prevent any Imbarrassment.
We are We are
Yor Affectionate Friends Yor Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
John Eyles Subfor John Eyles SubGovr
Wm Brooke Wm Brooke
Thomas Ayles Thomas Ayles
Jno Rudge DGov. John Rudge D Govr
Rob. Michel Rob. Michel
Saml Jones Sam^l Jones
John Raworth John Raworth
Matt. Raper Matt. Raper
Tho Skinner Tho Skinner
Robt Newton Rob^t Newton
Ben Lethicullier Benj^a Lethicullier
HAshton H A.shton
John Pryer John Fryer
Hen: Saml Eyre Hen: Saml Eyre
I Girard ot de Tillicun I Girard of dc.  Tillicua
Edm: Halsey Edm: Halsey
Jo: Hanbury Jo: Hanbury
M. Stratford Mr Stratford
Our last was the 22 past Since which have received Our last was the 22 past Since which have received
Yours of the 23 of that Month, with the List of Cedulas You advises were
deaving out, We have now reeived from the Ddof Neweasthe theet of drawing out; We have now received from the D. of Newcastle there of
Spains Determination concerning some of our Complaints, which
Dispatches the Courier carrying to Hanover was the reason they did
not come Soover to his Graces Hands. We have perused the Resolutions not come Sooneer to his Graces Hands. We have perused the Resolutions
and are of Opinion, that if the Cidulas make us better provision
for