970f Allawed Marin for damages he says his shop 970P Allowed Marin for damages he says his shop
Iustaind at 1 while he hid himself in the Convent, where he fled Sustain'd at N. X. while he hid himself in the Convent, where he fled
after his Attempt upon Mr Betels life, upon the Score of his after his Attempt upon M.^r Bedels life, upon the Score of his
Pustafying the Company aforesaid Claim on Marin- Justifying the Company's aforesaid Claim on Marin. -
900 f Allowed for a Regaly in Goods for 2 Gent of 900P Allowed for a [Regaly?] in Goods for 2 Gent of
the palae, which being in Mr Thorwgords him We see no the palace, which being in M^r. Shorowgood's time We see no
reason for reason for. -
16174 Allowed for Marins Sons expented while in 1617.4 Allowed for Marin's Sons expenced while in
prson upon the Couminal process for his being an Accomplicy person upon the Criminal process for his being an Accomplicy
with his Father in the attempt upon Bedele with his Father in the attempt upon Bedell.
1128 f allowed Marin for his Expences while he 1128 P allowed Marin for his Expences while he
fles to the Coment on the same ocasion_ fled to the Covent on the same ocasion_
5916 & Alloved him as due from Mr Thorowgrd 5916 P Allowed him as due from M^r. Shorowgood,
but not said for what noy whether Mr. Thorewgord has accounted but not said for what nor whether M^r. Shorowgood has accounted
for it with the Company for it with the Company:-
here Articles being so Remarkable the might have These Articles being so Remarkable We might have
Expected you would have given us some account of them in Your Expected you would have given us some Account of them in Your
Letter, but the find Mr Shorowgord and Mr Pitt having Letter, but the find M^r. Shorowgood and M^r. Pitt having
requiereed, the Money awarded had been paid, so that thy bust acquireed, the Money awarded had been paid, so that the best
Use you can now make of it is, that it be a Caution not to Use you can now make of it is, that it be a Caution not to
Submt to Awoart for the future Submit to Awards for the future. -
We have Received the Testimony you sent No whereby We have Received the Testimony you sent Us whereby
the Matter in despute between Calleron and the late Factors the Matters in dispute between Calderons and the late Factors
were before the Kupture referd to Arbitration of the Consilate were before the Rupture referrd to Arbitration of the Consulado
of the Commercy in Contra to which pretensions the Company of the Commerce in Contra to which pretensions the Company
have have.