The remmend it to you to Cordiel yfour sele with the Comlt We reccommend it to You, to Conduct Your Selves with like Civility
& Rrespect toward them, haping up a good Htarmany & Corresponsenon & Respect towards them, keeping up a good Harmony & Correspondence,
& advrsing with them in any thing that may be for our service, and & advising with them in any thing that may be for our Service, and
Advantage, especially if by Mortality it should so happen that the Advantages, especially if by Mortality it should So happen that the
Disposition of the Cargo should fall into the hands of any two or man Disposition of the Cargo Should fall into the hands of any two or more
of You, which in that Case, without making it a positive Instruction of You, which in that Case, without making it a positive Instruction
that you shall, Your own Justification will in prudence lead You that you shall, Your own Justification will in prudence lead You
to do, or to give us very good & sufficient Reasons why you did not to do, or to give us very good & Sufficient Reasons why you did not
And therefore We shall expect on your Return, that Your Discrition And therefore We shall expect on Your Return, that Your Discretion
in the whole of Your Conduct herein, will be to our Satisfaction, & in the whole of Your Conduct herein, will be to our Satisfaction, &
Your own fredit. Your own Credit.
30 In Case of the Decease of any of the Supra Canges for the 30. In Case of the Decease of any of the Supra Cargoes for the
Time being before the Return of the Ship One half of the Comissionder Time being before the Return of the Ship One half of the Comission due
to him on them, shall be paid to his or their Exrs or Admrs & the remaining to him or them, shall be paid to his or their Ex.^ms or Adm.^rs & the remaining
half shall be left to the Court of Directors for the Time being to dipone half shall be left to the Court of Directors for their Time being to dispose
of in Such Manner as to them shall seem reasonable of in Such Manner as to them shall seem reasonable.
31. We are assured that New Spain affords other Comoditzyes& 31. We are assured That New Spain affords other Comodityes &
Priuts besides Cochineal & Indigo, as Banillas, Balsains, Coldovan Friuts besides Cochineal & Indigo, as Banillas, Balsains, Coldovans,
Copper, Contrayera, Logwood, Tallop &c. Of which a You have Copper, Contrayera, Legwood, Fallop &c. Of which, as You have
Opportunitys, You may procure, if You find they will turn to bette Opportunitys, You may procure, if You find they will turn to better
Accot. here than Silver, To which End, you will get the best Jusprnte Acco.^t here than Silver; To which End, you will get the best information.
here of the prices Dutys and other Charges attending those Fruit here of the prices Dutys and other Charges attending those Fruits
82 You will do well to make your Obsecvations what ort f 32. You will do well to make your Observations what sort of
Goods are most proper for New Spain for the Cargo of orr next lnel Goods are most proper for New Spain for the Cargo of  our next annual
Sli, And this te aum chifly at a great Consucmption of Du- Ships, And tho We aim chiefly at a great Consumption of our 
Rgply English