To The Hon, John Trip Gidius Canden Bempden Mc Luvi To The Hon^ble John Trip Egidius Vanden. Bempden M^r Luvi
Gulvink Abraham Lestivinon, and the other Directors of the [Gulvink] Abraham Lestivinon, and the other Directors of the
duchunited last India Company at Amsterdam Dutch United East India Company at Amsterdam
Honl. Gentlemen Hon^ble. Gentlemen
Whereas the Governour & Company of Merchants Whereas the Governour & Company of Merchants
of Great Britain Trading to the South Seas and other parts of of Great Britain Trading to the South Seas and other parts of
America are by Licence from the Honble East India Company of America are, by Licence from the Honble East India Company of
England Authorized to send the Ship Sr Michael burthen about England. Authorized to send the Ship St. Michael burthen about
350 Puns carrying 30 Guns and 65 Men under Comand of 350 Tuns carrying 30 Guns and 65 Men under Comand of
Charles Burnham, Oalso the ship Sea Horse burthen about 260 Charles Burnham. As also the ship Sea Horse burthen about 260
Juns carrying 20 Guns & 50 men under comand of Moor White Tuns carrying 20 Guns & 50 men under comand of Moor White
from hence to Madagascar to purchase Slaves for Supplying that from hence to Madagascar to purchase Slaves for Supplying that
part of our Assients Contract at Bulnos Ayres part of our Assiento Contract at Buenos Ayres
We the Sul Governour & Deputy Governours and We the Sub Governour & Deputy Governours and
other under subscribing Directors of the South Sealompany. Do other under subscribing Directors of the South Sea Company. Do
in behalf of the Company Desire yor Hond. to send us such in behalf of the Company Desire yo^ Hon^or. to send us such
Recomendatory Letters for each of the abovenamed comanders to Recomendatory Letters for each of the abovenamed comanders to
Yor Gevernour & Council at the Cape of Good Hope as you shall Yo^r Gevernour & Council at the Cape of Good Hope as you shall
think proper that they may be allowed to wood Water, and have the think proper that they may be allowed to wood Water, and have the
usual liberties for Refreshing their Negroes & Ships Company there, usual liberties for Refreshing their Negroes & Ships Company there,
And seeing we intend to Dispatch these ships in a few days, We And seeing we intend to Dispatch these ships in a few days, We
must beg yor Honl will be pleased to order that the Desired must beg yor Honl will be pleased to order that the Desired
Letters with what further Comands you may think proper. may Letters with what further Comands you may think proper. may
be delivered to Our Correspondent Mr George Clifford & Co under be delivered to Our Correspondent Mr George Clifford & Co under
whose care We forward this. whose care We forward this.
We desire yor Honls to beleive that in the like or We desire yo^r Hon^r to beleive that in the like or
any other occasion we will contribute what in us Lyes for
promote promote