South Seahouse South Seahouse
Messrs Halsey s Cressner Messrs Halsey s Cressner
London 21. Septer 174 London 21st. Septem 1725
Gent Gent
Since my last of the 17th August are come to Since my last of the 17th August are come to
hand yo of the 18th & 25th Instant, and note the arrival of the Frane hand yo of the 18th & 25th Instant, and note the arrival of the [Frane?]
Capt. Bryant, and the Condition of the Hides &ct which have comine Capt. Bryant, and the Condition of the Hides [&ct?]which have communicated
to the Gentlemen of the Direction, who have confidence in you that in to the Gentlemen of the Direction, who have confidence in you that in
the Disposal of the largoe youl Promote the Companys Interest al the Disposal of the Cargoe you'l Promote the Company's Interest all
Youlan: Are Serry the Hides prove not to be so Proper as the head You can: Are Sorry the Hides prove not to be so Proper as the head
ones, and that the Tobacios are also not so well known at 40 Marlet ones, and that the Tobaccos are also not so well known at [yo?] Market
The Price at yor Market is greatly Inferior to that in Htolland The The Price at your Market is greatly Inferior to that in Holland. The
encouragemt You give in respect to the Sugars & Logwood will encouragemt You give in respect to the Sugars & Logwood will
Probably be a Governmet for future Consignmt. To which I have Probably be a Governmet for future [Consignm^ts] To which I have
nothing to acd but that I am with due esteem nothing to and but that I am with due esteem
Gent. Gent.
Yor Most hunble dee Yor Most hunble Servt
Deerscome D. Wescomb
Sir
I hope my last of the 9 Just. wherein I sent You back the Cenle I hope my last of the 9 Inst. wherein I sent You back the Cedula
You desired for investing the produce of the Negros in Fruits in order to Your
getting another in its room, wherein the produce of the Ansual Siys Ddia getting another in its room, wherein the produce of the Annual Ships Lading
Safe to Your Htands the may be Comprehended got - " - " - Safe to Your Hands. The
Occasion of this is by Sr. Jno Eyles Order to give Cover to the inclosed hand
Case about some necessary Wearing Apparel belonging to some of the oms Case about some necessary Wearing Apparel belonging to some of the Comp
Factors, wch their Friends sent them by the King Willam a Negro Ship for
wch they have been obliged to give Security to get the Approbation of the
Cauill Council