the same as usual & is to Comence from the Tume of his Arival at Cat the same as usual & is to Comence from the Time of his Arrival at Porto
belo. He hath ented into the usual Covenants with the Company hen t belo. He hath ented into the usual Covenants with the Company here 
given Security for a duo performance. We have also given hima given Security for a due performance. We have also given him a
Deputation under the Comps Seal with Instructions for his Government Deputation under the Comps Seal with Instructions for his Government
of both wc Wesend you Copys inclosed You are upon heet hereof to of both wch We send you Copys inclosed You are upon Rect hereof to
admit him into the Factory accordingly & treat him wt. Candon & Corl admit him into the Factory accordingly & treat him wth. Candour & Civility
And We hope he will so be have in all Respects as to deserve the good Oprn And We hope he will so be have in all Respects as to deserve the good Opinion
We have of him. And Whereas of the two Surgeons one is to reside at We have of him. And Whereas of the two Surgeons one is to reside at
Panama & one at Portobelo Youl observe We have now made provision Panama & one at Portobelo, Youl observe We have now made provision here
to accomodate each other in that respect, And hope they will both Agre in the to accomodate each other in that respect, And hope they will both Agree in that
Matter between themselves: But should they not, We lerve it to You sotoderdt Matter between themselves: But should they not, We leave it to You so to direct
a You bee but to Rensure Our Inlention as You see best to answer Our Intention
Onr Agents at Jamaica have advrsed us they frward Our Agents at Jamaica have advised us they fowarded
Some Loters from Yor Parts by the Talllaed Man of War but that Shypen Some Letters from Yor Parts by the Falkland Man of War but that Ships was
oblged by Sress of Weather to put into Barbades & is not expected hae tilte obliged by Stress of Weather to put into Barbados & is not expected here till the
pring, and question whether the Letters will come to our hands Coond Spring, and question whether the Letters will come to our hands sooner
In the mean time We hope the shall have Dupl otherwise shall be at a Loss
Wt are
Yr affectionat Friends Yor affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors of the The Court of Directors of the
Touth Sea Company South Sea Company
John Eyls Sul Gor John Eyles Sub GoV 
Jno Mudge DGor Jno Rudge D GoV
Gde Tilliur J. Goles Tillians
K. Wood R. Wood
G. Roberts G. Roberts
B. Lethicullier B. [Lethieucullier]?
S. Jones S. Jones
Rd. Htophins R^d. Hopkins
J. Raworth J. Raworth
Mr. Heath W. Heath
Wr Brooke W. Brooke
Ht. S. Eye H. S. Eyre
S. Savill T. Savill
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
P. Skinner T. Skinner
Wr Bowles W. Bowles
R Michel R. Michel
South Sea House
Lond 24 Decr 1725