Sadumere Resolution touchant la their late Resolution for not making [Sadumere]? Resolution [touchant] la their late Resolution for not making
Discontinuation der Payements, des any further payment on his Discontinuation des Payments, des any further payment on his
Assignations de S. MC. C. Surles C Mr. Assignements out of the Assignations de S. M. C. Surles C Mr. Assignements out of the
Droits des Negros, stant probable quan Negro Dutys, possibly by thus acco
Coeur rendant a Service, clapourrales modating them, they may be induced to [Coeur]? rendant a Service, cela pourrales modating them, they may be induced to
indure a Nouws arder dans calle Affaire give their helping hand towards it [indure] a Nous aider dans colle Affaire give their helping hand towards it
Pecris cece par Ordre delabour [Js]? ceci par Ordre delabour
This I write by Order of the This I write by Order of the
Directeuirs, stant aver beaucoups de Directeurs, stant avec beaucoups
Court of Directors, and am wth great Court of Directors, and our w^h great
De reqpect De reqpect
Respect Respect
Monsieur Monsieur
Yor Excys Yor Excys
London London
24 Aug 1725/ 24 Aug 1725/
De Vohe Exqr De Vohe Exqr
Mostobed & most Most obed^t & most
Letres humble & tres Le tres humble & tres
humble Servt humble Serv^t
obsissant Serviteur obsissant Serviteur
D: Wescomb Secr D: Wescomb Secr
D Harcomnt fery D, Wescomb Sec^ry
To Mr John Sitt, and the rest of the Factory To Mr John Pitt, and the rest of the Factory
at VeraCruz at Vera Cruz
Gent. Gentn
Since the Counts last of the 8. July of the Prince Trederict Since the Courts last of the 8. July P the Prince Frederick
they have received the inclosed Coula for giving Liberty to some of Your they have received the inclosed Cedula for giving Liberty to some of Your
Selves to go up into the Inland Countrys for introducing the Negroes, and
tho the Limitation of the Number to two or three is a Curtailing of the tho the Limitation of the Number to two or three is a Curtailing of the
Companys Priwiledge in brach of the 1th Art of the Assicnts, Yet as it Companys Priviledges in breach of the 11th Art of the Assiento, Yet as it
was of little Consequence (that Number being doubtless monsthan was of little Consequence (that Number being doubtless more than
Sufficient) the Court did not think it worth the Trouble of reapplying
and by their Order, I now send it, for you to make such Use thereof, as
You See proper. I am
Gentl Gent
Yor most humbl Serv Yor most humble Sert
D. Mesombe D. Wescomb
24 Augt 1725
treet ound 16th Apl 1726/ rect own'd 15th Apl 1726/