Messrs Righy & Pratter Messrs Rigby & Pratter
Gent Gentn
The South Sea Company having taken up & euighte The South Sea Company having taken up & freighted
the Miy Lusbrough Capt. William Killaway for a Voyage to Angola in the Ship Lusbrough Capt. William Killaway for a Voyage to Angola in
Apsica to take in 500 Negroes to be deliverd at Port Royal in Jamaica Africa to take in 500 Negroes to be deliverd at Port Royal in Jamaica
I said You Abstract of sd. Ships Charterparty I am I send You Abstract of sd. Ships Charterparty I am
Gent. Gent.
Yor mast hund Sert Yor most hum Servt
D Nescomb D Wescomb
South Sea House
London 17 Septr. 1725
London 21s Septemrs 1725 London 21s Septemrs 1725
Messrs Geo: Clifford & C. Messrs Geo: Clifford & C.
Sent. Sent.
Since my last of the 3d Inst. are come to hand Since my last of the 3d Inst. are come to hand
yor of the 21t & 25th Do and have comunicated to the Gentlemen of the yor of the 21t & 25th Do and have comunicated to the Gentlemen of the
Direction the agreeable Sales You made of the Snuff & Tobacco Leaves, Direction the agreeable Sales You made of the Snuff & Tobacco Leaves,
and the Mistakes that seem to have been made by the Companys Factory and the Mistakes that seem to have been made by the Companys Factory
at the Havana, in the Account of the Sare on the Sugar Chests, wch at the Havana, in the Account of the Sare on the Sugar Chests, wch
You will accomdate in the best manner you can, The Gentlemen You will accomdate in the best manner you can, The Gentlemen
think 80 P Thest a Pretty large allowance And hope, as you write think 80 P Thest a Pretty large allowance And hope, as you write
You will succeed in yos. endeavours in obtaining a Perportionable You will succeed in yos. endeavours in obtaining a Perportionable
advance in the Price, when the whole is closed you will send us the advance in the Price, when the whole is closed you will send us the
Accot. Pales &c I am Accot. Pales &c I am
Gent Gent
Yor Mosthumble Servt Yor Mosthumble Servt
DWescomb DWescomb