T Sr
Monfeaur Monsieur
S. John lyles agant eo Sr. John Eyleshaving comin S.^r John Eyles ayant co S.^r John Eyles having comuni
munique a labour d Directurs de cated to the Court of Directors of the munique a la bour de Directeurs de cated to the Court of Directors of the
le Comys. Royaledel Assents, la– Royal Assiento Company the La la Comp.^e Royale de l'Assiento, la – Royal Assiento Company the Letter
Lettre que V. Ex.^ce lui a ecrite du 31. Your Excell.^cy. wrote him the 31.
du passe, aussi bien que la Copieque Past, And also the Copy therein
y etoit incluse, dune Lettrede Monsr. inclosed of one from the Margui y etoit incluse, dune Lettre de Mons.^r inclosed of one from the Marque
le Marq.^e de Grimaldo a V. Ex.^ce par de Grimaldo to Your Ex.^cy. Signifying
laquelle it declaroit les Resolutions his Catholick Majesty's Resoluve laquelle il declaroit les Resolutions his Catholick Majesty's Resolue
de S. M. C. touchant les pretension trous upon the Companys Preten de S. M. C. touchant les pretension tious upon the Company's Preten
dela Comp. Elleest extrimement- sins; They are extremely oblige de la Comp.^e Elle est extremement- sions; They are extremely obliged
obligue a V Exl detoutes les peines to Your Excellency for the Trouke obligee a V. Ex.^ce de toutes les peines to Your Excellency for the Trouble
quclle a prise dans catte Afire, & You have taken therein, and retu quelle a prise dans cette Affaire, & You have taken therein, and return
vous en remercie tres humblement. You their Thanks.
La Comp prend en meme- At the same Time they take La Comp.^e prend en meme- At the Same Time they take
temps la Liberte de faire remarquer Leave to observe to your Excellency
a V Ev quil Semble quecesortice that this seems to be a Determination a V. Ex.^ce qu'il Semble que ce Soit ici that this Seems to be a Determination
une Resolution surtoutkes les preten upon the whole of the Companys une Resolution sur toutes les Preten upon the whole of the Company's
sions dela Comp. Picelatonen a Pretensions; if So, great part of sions de la Comp.^e Si cela ^est on en a Pretensions; if So, great Part of
passe la plus grande partie Sous Si them are entirely papd over in Sir passe la plus grande Partie Sous Si them are entirely passd over in Si
lence & il leur paroit par les Resolence & so far as appears to them lence & il leur paroit par les Resolence & So far as appears to them
­:lutions guon na accordes a present from the Resolutions, there is bvay ­:lutions qu on na accorde a present from the Resolutions, there is very
a la Comp.^e que fort peu, outre ce dont little now granted, which the Comp.^e
ille orisort anparavant, une grande had not before great part of what elle jouissort anparavant, une grande had not before, great Part of what
partie de ce qui est explique, etant_ is explaind is crampt with Res
embarasse pardes Limitations con=trictions unknown to the Sreatf embarasse par des Limitations contrictions unknown to the Treatys,
taires aux Traiter & lauke partie and the other part, which seme traires aux Traitez, & Cautre Partie, and the other Part, which Seems
qui Semble stre Nowelle, est rendue New, is renderd Useless by qui Semble otre Norwelle, est rendue New, is renderd Useless by
n Conditions
inable inable