We observe the Advice We acquainted you the had reed from Vera We observe the Advice We acquainted you the had ree^d from Vera
Crur of the Terias being orderd to be kept at Orisava, & the Fotistas not being Cruz of the Terias being orderd to be kept at Orisava, & the Fotista's not being
permitted to internate their Goods to Mexico &c was true, but that the Comerce permitted to internate their Goods to Mexico &c was true, but that the Comerce
having represented against it it was still depending & approve yor & Mr. Bermudas having represented against it, it was still depending & approve yo^r & Mr. Bermudas
athing to pervent the Com. being inconded thereby watchig to pervent the Comp. being inconded Hereby.
The Letter you Sentee for O: Thos. Brun at Lima will be forwarded The Letter you Sent us for Y^r: Thos. Brun at Lima will be forwarded
We oberve the Watherson met with considerable Delay before she We observe the Watherson met with considerable Delay before she
could be sufferd to deliver her Cargo the Appechension of Difficultys at Cadir was could be sufferd to deliver her Cargo, the Apprehension of Difficultys at Cadiz was
one prencipal Reason for our sending the other ships to Holland Hambugh&t one prencipal Reason for our sending the other ships to Holland Hambugh.
And our Factors at Havana were to blae in not complying wth our orders for And our Factors at Havana were to blame in not complying wth our orders for
this steyes touching at Portsmouth according to the provision our Agents at this steyes [?] touching at Portsmouth according to the provision our Agents at
Jamaica had made in the Charterparty Jamaica had made in the Charterparty
As to Your contracting with Monr Flon the Admr of the Tobaccos As to Your contracting with Monr Flon the Admr of the Tobaccos,
You waill gevern your self therein as You tae for ouer Interest upon the Corspordence You waill govern your self therein as You see best for our Interest upon the Corspordence
You may have with our Agents at Cadiz And as Mr Consil Black was So You may have with our Agents at Cadiz. And as M^r Consil Black was So
kind as to interpose in this Affair Youl return him our Shanks kind as to interpose in this Affair, You'l return him our Shanks.
We Note the Money You advise to have deaion on Accot of the New We Note the Money You advise to have deaion [?] on Acco^t of the New
Years Gifs & Salarys for Our Ministers & Friends, who they are Weknow not for Years Gifs & Salarys for Our Ministers & Friends, who they are Weknow not for
You have nether sent us any List of them nor have We red any Accot Cur You have neither sent us any List of them nor have We ree^d any Acco:^t Cur
from You Since April 1729 Notwithstanding the many Seed you havedreuse from You Since April 1729 Notwithstanding the many Seed you have dreuse
which youl be more Carefull to do in future which you'l be more Carefull to do in future
As to Antcipations, it ought to be adorded as much as pesabl As to Antcipations, it ought to be avoided as much as possible
the Treatment Wemet with giving us but little Encouagemt that way the Treatment Wemet with giving us but little Encouagemt that way.
Upon Examination of the Comp. Books it appears the late Upon Examination of the Com^p. Books it appears the late
Mr Wrarde stands Dr £7931:1:4 And has had no Cadit on Accot of M^r Uzadi stands D^r £7931:1:4 And has had no Credit on Acco^t of