Me Congratulate with yr Exy upon the lat happy heaeh Me Congratulate with yor Ex.7 upon the late  happy Recession 
of his C M King Philips to the Crown of Spain, by whos Justice & of his C.M King Philip to the Crown of Spain, by whose Justice &
Goodness, Wawefully persuaded the Attempts made by ill disposed Goodness, We are fully persuaded the Attempts made by ill disposed
Persons to ruin Our Trade, wth is founded on the most Solemn Treatur Persons to ruin Our Trade, w^ch is founded on the most Solemn Treatys
on the greatet Considerations & Motives of the two Crowns will ist only on the greatet Considerations & Motives of the two Crowns will not only be 
prevented in taking effect, but that the Authors, who may justly be dr prevented in taking effect, but that the Authors, who may justly be dr
Disturbers of the Comon Peace, will meet with their just Rewards Disturbers of the Comon Peace, will meet with their just Rewards
This comes by ore Annual Ship the Prince Trederick fo This comes by ore Annual Ship the Prince Frederick, Cap^t.
Whithington Williams Comrs wc Me bult on purpose for this Trade, Whittington Williams Com^dr s w^ch we built on purpose for this Trade,
having taken Care that she dees not exced the 650 suns of permission having taken Care that she dees not exceed the 650 tuns of permission
as appears by the Tutimonials she caries. The Supra Cargees who emnte as appears by the Tutimonials she caries. The Supra Cargoes who [emnte]?
on her are Mr Saml Lock Mr David Patton, Mr John Shippen Mr C on her are Mr Saml Lock Mr David Patton, Mr. John Shippen Mr C
Bowles & the said Comtander, whom the recomend to Yor Ex Favour Ad Bowles & the said Comander, whom we recomend to Yor. T Favour and
Intreat You will be so good as to give them Access to Yor Exq. upon Intreat You will be so good as to give them Access to Yor Exq. upon
all occasions as the Nature of our Dependencys may stand in Need all occasions as the Nature of our Dependencys may stand in Need
thereof. In which te rely upon yr. Exy. kind Assuances thereof. In which we rely upon yr.[ Exy. ]? kind Assurances
We pray God to preserve Yr Exy. many happy years being We pray God to preserve Yr Exy. many happy years being
with most profound respect with most profound respect
Yor Exg. Yor Exg^eys
Most Obedient & most Most Obedient & most
humble Servants humble Servants
The Court of Directors of The Court of Directors of
London 24 June 1725 London 24 June 1725.
Res ye Ass Cof Geathita Roy. als C of Geat Brittain
y Lyles Sublyt. [J. Lyles Sublyt.]?
J Kidge DGn [J Kidge DGn]?
J Kaworth J Kaworth
F. Skinner F. Skinner
P Burrell P Burrell
G. Roberts G. Roberts
T. Savill T. Savill
R. Michel R. Michel
M. Raper M. Raper
6 6
Wr Brooke Wr Brooke
H Cartwright H Cartwright
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
H.S. Eyre H.S. Eyre
R. Lewin R. Lewin
H. Ashton H. Ashton
R. Wood R. Wood
S. Jones S. Jones
S. Citt S. Citt