complying with the aituly as wl waith iged to what is part as tor complying with the Ariticle, as well with regard to what is past, as to what
are shal sandout in futeve without being p it to the Fronbe of astig han we shal send out in future, without being put to the Trouble of asking please
leave every time, which we should never have come into for to Ask, was tobe leave every time, which we should never have come into for to Ask, was to lead
them to a denyal, So that we hope this Cedula we are Expecting will fue them to a denyal, So that we hope this Cedula we are Expecting will free
us from any further Trouble on that Head. In the mean time we have us from any further Trouble on that Head: In the mean time we have,
Sentan account of the present ship and its Cargo to Mr Steafford to be Sent an Account of the present ship and its Cargo to Mr Stratford to be
land before the Council of Indies, conformable to the 34 Article, These Sory laid before the Council of Indies, conformable to the 34 Article, These Stores
and Necessarys you will be as fugal of as may be, and not sell any butin and Necessarys you will be as frugal of as may be, and not Sell any but in
such Cases as you are Warranted by the Assients rendeing us the proper such Cases as you are Warranted by the Assiento, sending us the proper
Accounts how disposd of or Expended. Accounts how dispos'd of or Expended.
20. We Observe you write for great Quantitys of Stores, but weu 20.     We Observe you write for great Quantitys of Stores, but never
Expresthe use you design them for, you will therefore in all your futuer= Express the use you design them for, you will therefore in all your future
Memorys or Indents Expres against each speies, the use they are to be Memorys, or Indents, Express against each Speies, the use they are to be
put to, This we think proper to write you because we would not have put to; This we think proper to write you because we would not have
you Ereet any material Building, without our leave and Approbations you Erect any material Building, without our leave and Approbation,
be previously Obtaind. be previously Obtaind.
21. Inour last we promised to consider of Sanding, apresentof the 21.        In our last we promised to consider of Sending, a present of Ale,
Wine and Cyder for the Rt Officers, we have therefore put on boald this thi Wine and Cyder for the Rl Officers, we have therefore put on board this Ship
a parcell, of which Inclosed is Invoice and Bill of Lading, which we leare a parcell, of which Inclosd is Invoice and Bill of Lading, which we have
to you to dishibute, at Such times and in Such Manner, as you see best to you to distribute, at Such times and in Such Manner, as you see best
will answer any particular Services you may require, will answer any particular Services you may require.
22 Asto Paraquay of the Several Sorts its high time to pute 22 . . . . . . As to Paraquay of the Several Sorts, its high time to put a
Stop to your sending any more for it dont soll here for half the sune Stop to your Sending any more, for it don't sell here for half the Invoice
Cost, we therefore absolutely Prohibit it for the future. Cost, we therefore absolutely Prohibit it for the future.
We