Lordon 12 July 1710 London 12. July 1725.
Messr. Regby & Pratter Messrs Rigby & Pratter
Gent. Gent
The Court of Directors wrote you the 21 April by the The Court of Directors wrote You the 21. April by the
Rent Capt. Hingston, on wch Doctor Houstoun unbartd, and Thparte Kent Capt Hingston, on wch Doctor Houstoun imbarkd, and I hope she
huppily arrived, The Occasion of this is to give Cover to the inclosed happily arrived, The Occasion of this is to give Cover to the inclosed
Orders from the Lords of the Admisralty to the Comander in Clhucf of tis Orders from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Comander in Chief of his
May y. Ships Statond at Jamaicr for taking the Comps: Ship Royal Majys Ships Stationd at Jamaica for taking the Comps Ships Royal
Georges under it Protection & Conveying her out of Danger of Byraler George under its Protection & Conveying her out of Danger of Pyrates,
if the Supra Cargees shall thinte fitt to Desire it In Consequence if the Supra Cargoes shall think fitt to Desire its. In Consequence of
which, I am to Desire You to transiet to those Supra Cargesa which, I am to Desire You to transmit to those Supra Cargoes a
Copy of the said Order that they may thereupon Seguily to fou ther Copy of the said Order, that they may thereupon Signify to You the
Determination to be Communicated to such Comr. and at the same Determination to be Comunicated to Such Comdr and at the Same
Time to deliver him their Lords Order in Case it be to be put in Time to deliver him their Lordps Order in Case it be to be put in
Execution Execution.
I am I am
Gent. Gent
Yor most humble sert Yor most humbled Servt
D. Nescomb D. Wescomb
Oert owed in by latt to the Rect ownd in his lettr to the
D Secy of the 12 4 1725 Secr of the 12 Sep. 1725
Messr Rigby & Pratter Messrs Rigby & Pratter
Genl Gent
The Ship Nadeliff Capt Gyles Lond s The Ship Radcliff Capt Gyles Lone is
taken up by the South Sea Comp. for a Voyage to Augola in Africeto taken up by the South Sea Compa for a Voyage to Angola in Africa to
take in 450 Negroes, & to deliver them to you at Jamaica Abthat take in 450 Negroes, & to deliver them to You at Jamaica. Abstract
f wt Miys Charteparty is inclosed I am of wch Ships Charter party is inclosed. I am
Genl. Yor mosthund lut Gent Yor most humd Servt
D Wesconb D. Wescomb
London 20 July 1725 London 20: July 1725