21. Youare to Use all posible frugality in Your Table (wth 21. You are to Use all posible frugality in Your Table (which
is to be bern by the Company and in all Your other Expences curin is to be born by the Company }and in all Your other Expences during
Your Supra Cargo ship which are to be allowed & paid out of the Your Supra Cargo ship which are to be allowed & paid out of the
Broduce of the Cargo So that at Your Return You are to deliver us produce of the Cargo So that at Your Return You are to deliver us
an Account thereof in Witing, Sign'd by Your Selves. an Account thereof in Witing, Sign'd by Your Selves.
22 You are also from Tune to Time to keep regular Councils 22. You are also from Tine to Time to keep regular Councils
& enter all Your Consultations & other Transactions in a Book for that & enter all Your Consultations & other Transactions in a Book for that
purpose & immediately Signed the said Entrys upon penalty of purpose & immediately Signed the said Entrys upon penalty of
fefeting Your Comission forfeiting Your Commission
23 You are also to keep regular Books of Accot eutring theein 23. You are also to keep regular Books of Accot eutring therein
Day by Day every Days Business buying selling bartering & other Day by Day every Days Business, buying, selling, bartering & other
Mercantile Affairs proper to be inverted Mercantile Affairs proper to be inserted.
24 You must also keep true & regular Accounts of all Goods 24. You must also keep true & regular Accounts of all Goods.
Merchandire Money & Offects deliverd out or received by You, and of all Merchandire Money & Offects deliverd out or received by You, and of all
Your particular Expences & Disbursements of all kinds, all which Your particular Expences & Disbursements of all kinds, all which
accounts are to be delivered us at Your Return duly Signd, Taking accounts are to be deliverd us at Your Return duly Signd, Taking
Care a Duplicate be made of the whole to be left with our Factors Care a Duplicate be made of the whole to be left with our Factors
Sealed up, or to be forwarded by Your selves, by the Way of Jamaica Sealed up, or to be forwarded by Your selves, by the Way of Jamaica
25 If it should so happen that any part of the Rehans should 25. If it should so happen that any part of the Returns should
be in Cochineal You are to keep a packing Book of the Contents be in Cochineal You are to keep a packing Book of the Contents
of each Chest or Serron with the Tare, and in the Invoyee insert the of each Chest or Serron with the Tare, and in the Invoyce insert the
Lawe of Such Posage. Tare of Such Packages.
26 We further Direct, That all Accot & Transactions relating 26. We further Direct, That all Acco^ts & Transactions relating
to this whole Concern be open, and at all Times ready for the perusal to this whole Concern be open, and at all Times ready for the perusal
of each other of you the Supra Cargoes under the penaltys herein- of each other of you the Supra Cargoes under the penaltys herein-
before mentionsd, & that You do in all Things comply with & perform before mentioned, & that You do in all Things comply with & perform
Mr Covenants with the Company yo^r Covenants with the Company.
27 27