London E4 March 1785 London 24 March 1725
She last the Court wrote you was the 10 Feb. wherein The last this Court wrote you was the 10th Feby. wherein
they answered yours up to the 21 Jan. They have since reed yours of they answered yours up to the 21 Jan. They have since reced yours of
the 28 of that Month 28 Feb. 15 and 13 Instant, which they will the 28 of that Month 11th, 28th Feb. 15th and 18th Instant, which they will
soon answer, but whether you have wrote them any other Lotters we soon answer, but whether you have wrote them any other Letters we
cant tell, because they observe you dont sometimes acquaint them with cant tell, because they observe you dont sometimes acquaint them with
the Date of your last, which they desire you not to omitt in futures, the Date of your last, which they desire you not to omitt in futures,
and even tho' you send Copys, its necessary you should let em know and even tho' you send Copys, its necessary you should let'em know
the date, for if the Copy be once Seperated from your Lotter, there is a the date, for if the Copy be once Seperated from your Letter, there is a
difficulty in finding out whether that was your last: The Occasion of difficulty in finding out whether that was your last: The Occasion of
my writing this is to acquaint you, that the Chevalier Eon laid befar my writing this is to acquaint you, that the Chevalier Eon laid before
the Court this day a Letter from Dr Andres d Elcoroberutia to himself the Court this day a Letter from Dr Andres d' Elcoroberutia to himself
dated at Madeed the 4 Instant, wherein he seems to have been bland for dated at Madrid the 4 Instant, wherein he seems to have been blam'd for
not gotting from us the Ass: Accot. for the Two first 5 Years, but the ln not getting from us the Asso: Accots. for the Two first 5 Years, but the this
Conwas acquainted that they were drawing out, and would be finished, Con was acquainted that they were drawing out, and would be finished,
with all possible dispatch; and as his Intention herein was to Justify with all possible dispatch; and as his Intention herein was to Justify
himself that he had not been remiss in Applying for these Accot. I aman himself that he had not been remiss in Applying for these Acco^ts. I am order
to let you know that tis the desire of the Court, that you should acquair to let you know that tis the desire of the Court, that you should acquaint
that Gentleman, and all others that are proper, that no time is lost that Gentleman, and all others that are proper, that no time is lost
in drawing out the Accot. desired. Mr Ayles delivered mne the inclond in drawing out the Accot. desired. Mr Ayles delivered me the inclosed
Letter from Mr. Wyllis; We have been a considerable time without this
from the West Indies, I say nothing of the present Situation of Ge from the West Indies, I say nothing of the present Situation of afairs
but am with Sincere Respect but am with Sincere Respect
Sr. Gou hat hin oat Sr. Your most  humble Servt
This you will answer This you will answer
D. Wasomnk D. Wescombe
as the Courts Letter as the Courts Letter
[Er. Ands] 19 april1726