the Method all along practised by us, and admitted by the the Method all along practised by us, and admitted by the
Spaniards. Spaniards.
42 We are procuring his Cath Majy. Culafor 42. We are processing his Cath May.[?] Cedula for
Suspending the Execution of one issued by the late K Lewis Suspending the Execution of one issued by the late K Lewis
of Spain revoked a Cedula We formerly obtaind for Sending up of Spain which revoked a Cedula We formerly obtaind for Sending up
the Goods into the Inland Countrys, which Cedulas We hopes to
obtain before Your Departure, if not, We will forward it to You by obtain before Your Departures, if not, We will forward it to You by
the Soop prince of Asturias Capt. John Cleland the Sloop prince of Asturias Capt. John Cleland
43 There are divers Cidulas registerd in New Spain Vizt 43. There are divers Cedulas registerd in New Spain Vizt
One for continuing the Assients & Annual Ship in like Manner One for continuing the Assiento & Annual Ship in like Manner
as before the late War, One against detaining the Comps. Ships, as before the late War, One against detaining the Comp. Ships,
One against putting Guards on board them, And others, which if One against putting Guards on board them, And others, which if
there be Occasion, You may Erlue Your selers upon informing Your there be Occasion, You may value Your selves upon informing Your
Selves from the Factors.
As to Your Retumn Home As to Your Return Home.
4 Our Directions are that on the shiyps being Laden 44. Our Directions are that on the ships being Laden
with the Returns You give the Capt. Sailing Orders for his Return with the Returns You give the Capt. Sailing Orders for his Return
to England directly, & to make the best of his Way for the River to England directly, & to make the best of his Way for West River
of Thamas, where the pray God to bring you all in Safety Asd of Thamas, where the pray God to bring you all in Safety And
upon Your Arrival Send us your Invoyces & Bills of Lading upon Your Arrival Send us your Invoyces[invoices] & Bills of Lading
Accounts Papers, and such Letters as shall be directed for Us Accounts Papers, and such Letters as shall be directed for Us
But in Case You shall be obliged to put into any Out port But in Case You shall be obliged to put into any Out port
in in