be satisfed for thes many great Sums of the late Reprisalia &e wth be satisfied for thier  many great Sums of the late Reprisalia ye w^ch 
have been unjustly & violently unbargd & detained. However as Aersat have been unjustly & violently unbarg^d & detained. However as Airsos
are alleady gove from Cadiz to Vera Cruz Carthagena, & Havana are alleady gave from Cadiz to Vera Cruz Carthagena, & Havana
wch possibly may carry Orders, not very favourable to our Concerns in w^ch possibly may carry Orders, not very favourable to our Concerns in
the Judges. It behaves you to be on Yo^r Guard, And to take the most
prudent Measures You can think of for Securing our Effect in such prudent Measures You can think of for Securing our Effect in such
Manner as the Nature of the thing will admitt of that they May,
as little as possible, be exposed to a 2d Reprisalia, the Consequence as little as possible, be exposed to a 2^d Reprisalia, the Consequence
of wch may be as fatal as the former, there being no Money to be of w^ch may be as fatal as the former, there being no Money to be
expected, where there is Nore to pay, as it seens has all along been expected, where there is more to pay, as it seens has all along been
the Case of his C. M both in Old Spain, and the Indies the Case of his C. M both in Old Spain, and the Indies
Since the last Reprisalia, Notwithstanding at the an Since the last Reprisalia, Notwithstanding at the
last peace, there was as ample provision made, as a Treaty could last pleace, there was as ample provision made, as a Treaty could
do to satisfy the Comps. Demands. How to direct You particularly do to satisfy the Comp^s. Demands. How to direct You particularly
in this Conjuncture We are at a Loss, but We think Your own reason in this Conjuncture We are at a Loss, but We think Your own reason
will tell you how Necessary it is to make the largest and mustexpe will tell you how Necessary it is to make the largest and most expe=
ditious Returns You possibly can, by Way of Jamaica, that should =ditious Returns You possibly can, by Way of Jamaica, that should
the worst happen, We may have but little for the Spaniards to lay the worst happen, We may have but little for the Spaniards to lay
their bands on, To which End you will use Yor utmost Deligence their bands on, To which End you will use Yo^r utmost Deligence
to sell all the Goods as may remain undisposed of for Money, or to sell all the Goods as may remain undisposed of for Money, or
in Barter for fruits. And as to Such Bills, Bonds, or other Securitys in Barter for fruits. And as to Such Bills, Bonds, or other Securitys
as You may have by you for outstanding Debt, You may allow a as You may have by you for outstanding Debt, You may allow a
reasonable Discount for prompt payment, or You may Assign over reasonable Discount for prompt payment, or You may Assign over
the same in payment for the Truits You purchase, which by good the same in payment for the fruits You purchase, which by good
Management, and at the same time keeping the Spariards unac- Management, and at the same time keeping the Spariards unac-
quainted with the true Reason (being yor Aprehension of a Rupture quainted with the true Reason (being yo^r Aprehension of a Rupture
May May