Another of the papers is a Lette of Dr Sebarhan Catl Another of the papers is a Letter of Dr Sebartian Catalan.
one Asseser at Panaima, which a it seemer only a Letter of Compliment one Assesor at Panama, which as it seemsto be only a Letter of Compliment
Your Self, and requred in Directions for us to give, there was no need of [funding]?
w a Copy.
Inclard is a letter wioth by the Bunor Ayres Factory is t Inclosed is a letter wrote you by the Buenos Ayres Factory [is t]?
reed by one of our ships just now arrived relating to a 2d Visit made on dra reed by one of our ships just now arrived relating to a 2d Visit made on our
Ship the Cartaret Capt. [Opie]? in an extraordinary Manner, after the usual
nue had bean made. ones had bean made.
It seems in the Autos Several Spariards are hooked into It seems in the Autos Several Spaniards are hooked into
the Squabble & Officers are against Officers, and tho' the Factors write us the Squabbles & Officers are against Officers, and tho' the Factors write us
this was not an Affair of the Company they were obliged to give Security to
Wide the R of Spains Determination, and to pay 200 p for Soldiers they abide the K of Spains Determination, and to pay 200 $ for Soldiers they
thought fit to Imploy on this Occasion; Youl See by the Letter these Nature
of the Case; As to any further Information, You must wait for the uter of the Case; As to any further Information, You must wait for the autos
or till you hear further from the Factory. In the mean while he think
 this is a Matter that deserves to be added to our other Grievances, w^ch you'l
do accordingly.
We observe in the List of the prencipal Grevances, Mr We observe in the List of the principal Grievances, Mr
Stanhope was about delivering to the D. of [Ripperda,]? it was thought
proper to Omit that of the Money Stepd of the Comps. Cash to make gon he proper to Omit that of the Money Stopd of the Comps. Cash to make good the
K of Spains Stores, alledged to have been Shipd on our Diamond Man
War, & never deliverd; The reason of w^ch Omission being that [Want]? of Autos
We beleive this Fact will apperr by the Autos We have in Our possession
relating to the Repriealeas in New Spain, wt Me hall Exasnine tadns relating to the Reprisalias in New Spain, w^ch Me shall Examine and advice you