Instructions given by the Countof Dectrsof Instructions given by the Court of Directors of
the South Sea Company to Mr John Frines one of the the South Sea Company to Mr John Innes appointed one of the
Surgeons to the Lananca & Portobelo Factory Surgeons to the Panama & Portobelo Factory
London 27 Due. 73. London 24 Dec^r. 1725
We the Count of Derctors of the Sorith Sea Compary repring We the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company reposing
Special Trust and Confidence in You & Your Ability Integrity & Sobriety Have
appointed You to be one of our Surgens to the Panamor & Portobelo Sactory appointed You to be one of our Surgeons to the Panama & Portobelo Factory
And herewith you'l receive a Deputation under the Comps. Seal constituting
You such. But you are to take Notice, that You are appointed only during
our pleasure & that Yor Continuance in our favora depeds one yr good behavde our pleasure, & that Yor Continuance in our favour depends one yor good behaviour.
Your particular Business as Surgeon will be to administer Your particular Business as Surgeon will be to administer
Surgery & Phisick out of the Comps. Medicines to the Factory, whenever there
shall be Occasion, Gratis, And also to visit the Negs. Daily & take particular Care
of the Sich, & preserve them the best You can in the time of their Sickness of the Sick, & preserve them the best You can in the time of their Sickness
keeping a Journal of Yor. Practice & Prescriptions Copies whereof are from
Time to Time to be transmitted to the Company.
You are also to lay before the Council a Weekly or Monthly You are also to lay before the Council a Weekly or Monthly
Accot. as they shall Direct of the State & Condition of the Negroes & heomany Accot. as they shall Direct, of the State & Condition of the Negroes & how many
have died in that time, & of what Distemper
You are also to be aiding & assisting to the Factors, and to do You are also to be aiding & assisting to the Factors, and to do
Such other Business as they shall think fitt in Council to direct You pursuant
to the Genl. Instructions We gave this Factory bearing Date the 21. Sepr.
1721. of which, so far as may concern You, You will herewth recieve an Extract.
Our other Surgeon to this Factory is Mr Peter DOyle Our other Surgeon to this Factory is Mr Peter D'Oyle
And And