London 17 March 185 London 17. March 1725.
Gentl. Gentn
Having Some Tine Since acquainted your Agent Mr Having Some Time Since acquainted Your Agent Mr
Bodford, with the Advrices, the south Sea foryd here had received, touching Bedford, with the Advices, the South Sea Compa here had received, touching
oue of their ships (Naured the Robert & Samuel, under the Comand of One of their Ships, (Named the Robert & Samuel, under the Comand of
Capt. Rob. Austin wch was attachd in the River of Gambia in Sepr 1924 Capt Robt Austin) wch was attackd in the River of Gambia in Sept 1724
in a hostile Manner, & plunderd by a Ship of St Malo, called the La in a hostile Manner, & plunderd by a Ship of St Malo, called the La
Maur, comanded by Capt. Cassannau, said to belong to Yo. Company Maur, comanded by Capt Cassanau, said to belong to Yor Company.
I presume yors said Agent has Comunicated the same to You I presume Yor said Agent has Comunicated the Same to You
I am now, Gentlemen, further to acquaint You, that Capt Austin is
lately returnd hither, and has laid before the Company some Papers & lately returnd hither, and has laid before the Company Some Papers &
Accounts attested upon the oaths of himself, and Chief Mate, Setting forth
the state of the Case, together with the Losses & Damages Sustaind on that the State of the Case, together with the Losses & Damages Sustaind on that
extravidinaty Occasion Extandinary it may well bedeened seing it was extraordinary Occasion: Extraordinary. it may well be deemed, Seeing it was
done, at a time, when thee was (as there Htill is a profornd peace & a perfect done, at a time, when there was (as there Still is) a profound peace, & a perfect
dmity between the twoo Crowns. Ther papers & Acct. I herewith pranmnct Amity between the two Crowns. These papers & Accots I herewith transmit
to Youg by Order of the Coups who donot make the last doubt of Youe to You, by Order of the Compa, who do not make the least doubt of Your
readinss, in Condumeing and Consuring a proceding So unwarrantable, readiness, in Condemming and Censuring a proceeding So unwarrantable,
and that you will forthwith cause such Satisfaction to be made for the and that You will forthwith cause Such Satisfaction to be made for the
pd Lofs & Damages, as shall be agreatle to Honour Justice, & Equity sd Losses & Damages, as shall be agreable to Honour, Justice, & Equity,
without peuting the Compd to the Trouble of applying hereupon to his without putting the Compa to the Trouble of applying hereupon to his
Most Christian Majtys Ambassadr at this Court. I am wth geat respect
Genl. Gentn
Ye mossbed & most hund Lert Yor most obedt & most hum Servt
D Wescome D. Wescomb