Council of Iudres. As this wsas necesary Wearing Appariel & nt for Sales Council of Iudres. As this was necesary Wearing Appariel & not for Sales
it is hoped Youl meet with no Difficulty in procusing what is desired, and it is hoped You'l meet with no Difficulty in procuring what is desired, and
by Sr. Johns Direction, I am to recomend the Care of it to You And heren by Sr. Johns Direction, I am to recomend the Care of it to You And heren
must remised you of the several Approbations you were to apply for in must remised you of the several Approbations you were to apply for in
relation to the 150 Trun store Ships Sent out & the Necessarys wch happend to
be sent by the Comps. on some of the Negro Ships, concerning wt. you will be sent by the Compa. on some of the Negro Ships, concerning wch. you will
be as expeditious as possible, for if the limited Time clapse before these be as expeditious as possible, for if the limited Time elapse before these
Approvals are returned to Buenor Ayres, the Security given by the Comps will Approvals are returned to Buenos Ayres, the Security given by the Compa will
be liable & the Money levyed, as I am a paid is already actually done in one be liable, & the Money levyed, as I am a paid is already actually done in one
or more of the Iustances or more of the Instances
Inclosed is a letter for Yor Self wth came to hand the 21t Instant Inclosed is a letter for Yor Self wth came to hand the 21 Instant
I should be glad to hear our Remarks on the late Cedl are like to produce a I should be glad to hear our Remarks on the late Cedas are like to produce a
good Effect Nothing else at present Occurs I remain good Effect Nothing else at present Occurs I remain
3p Sr
Yos mosthumble Servt Yor most humble Servt
Ansd 6 Novr 1725
D Nescomb D Wescomb
So Sea House London
23 Sepr 1725
South Sea house London 12 Oct 725 South Sea house London 12 Oct 725
Messr Haleys Corfere Messr Haleys Corfere
Gentlemen Gentlemen
Iree: yor Letter of the 12th Jont. adervsing the I recd: yor Letter of the 12th Jont. adervsing the
weight of the Tobacco, and the Prices you expect, both for that and the Hdes, wch weight of the Tobacco, and the Prices you expect, both for that and the Hdes, wch
I have communicated to the Gentlemen to whom the Care of this affair was committed I have communicated to the Gentlemen to whom the Care of this affair was committed
And in answer Iam to acquaint you, That they sill leave it to you to do the best And in answer Iam to acquaint you, That they sill leave it to you to do the best
youcan for the Company's Interest, And as you advise some of both Species youcan for the Company's Interest, And as you advise some of both Species
are damaged, you will consider whether it be not Proper to make a Separation are damaged, you will consider whether it be not Proper to make a Separation
As to the Produce the Gentlemen desire you to remit it to Mr Conrade desold As to the Produce the Gentlemen desire you to remit it to Mr Conrade desold
the Company's Eashier, advising me thereof. Iam the Company's Eashier, advising me thereof. Iam
Gent. Gent.
Yor Mathumble Serv Yor Most humble Servt
DWWescomb D Wescomb