And we are now dispatching And we are now dispatching
The Sea Horse Capt. White for 400 Negroes; And The Sea Horse Capt White for 400 Negroes; And
The Sd. Michael lap Burnham for 550 Do The St. Michael Capt Burnham for 550 Do
of whose Charter Parties, you will also receive Abshacts by Each Ship. of whose Charter Parties, you will also receive Abstracts by Each Ship.
We observe you adviseus to Insert in the Captains Instructions 7. We observe you advise us to Insert in the Captains Instructions
that they should buy half Fomales, and that the Men should not exceed that they should buy half Females, and that the Men should not exceed
30 years, But as this has always been a part of their Instructions, as 30 years, But as this has always been a part of their Instructions, as
well as Chartarpartias, we wonder you should be Ignorant of it, Seeing well as Charter parties, we wonder you should be Ignorant of it, Seeing
it appears by the Abstracts of the Charterparties, which are Sent you it appears by the Abstracts of the Charterparties, which are Sent you
by Each Ship. We must therefore advise you to peruse them better, As by Each Ship: We must therefore advise you to peruse them better; As
to the other matters you recomend for reducing the Number of Pooys, so to the other matters you recomend for reducing the Number of Boys, so
as to Exceed B of the Males, we dont clearly understand you; Our present as not to Exceed 1/3 of the Males, we dont clearly understand you: Our present
Directions which ace, that not above 1y part of the whole is to be Children Directions which are, that not above 1/7 part of the whole is to be Children
and that to the Cargoes is to be Male, and 10 Fomale, having already and that 1/2 the Cargoes is to be Male, and 1/2 Female, having already
made provision for a greater Diminution of the Number of Boys than made provision for a greater Diminution of the Number of Boys than
what you now desire: And why might you not also have cautioned us what you now desire: And why might you not also have cautioned us
of the Females, how many are to be Girls. We find by comparing your of the Females, how many are to be Girls. We find by comparing your
Lotters you are very unintelligible on this Head, and had you menconed Letters you are very unintelligible on this Head, and had you mentioned
the Boys and Gils under our own Denomination of Children, and then the Boys and Girls under our own Denomination of Children, and then
have told us whether the Rule we have hither to goueby of 17 were too have told us whether the Rule we have hither to goneby of 1/7 were too
much or too little; and what proportion of the Children should be Boys much or too little; and what proportion of the Children should be Boys
and what Proportion Giels, you would not have been so obscure We and what Proportion Girls, you would not have been so obscure. We
must therefore pick out your meaning as well as we can. must therefore pick out your meaning as well as we can.
In Answer to the Representation we laid before the 8. In Answer to the Representation we laid before the
Court of Spain for Explaining the 9 article of the Assionts, we have Court of Spain for Explaining the 9th article of the Assiento, we have
obtaind the Inclosed Cedula, but it seems to us to be so worded as not to obtaind the Inclosed Cedula, but it seems to us to be so worded as not to
be capable of being put in Execution in a litteal Sonse, For by this be capable of being put in Execution in a litteal Sense, For by this
Explanation Explanation