no Tene in delering a Munsial complining thereof Andw the no Time in delivering a Memorial complaining thereof And as this
Piolent a proceding the Comps exfect from the Justice of his M. yf ore Violent a proceding the Comp^a[Company] expect from this Justice of his C.M it will
met with du Consure: This will abo give Yyou an Opportunity f uetor meet with due Censure: This will also give You an Opportunity of pressing
the Comps Exemption from the Alcavalas & bringing that affairt as fa the Comp Exemption from the AlexValas & bringing that affair to a speedy
End. And as You have already been furnished with sufficient Argument End. And as You have already been furnished with sufficient Agreements
to prove the Comps ight to that Exemption, I shall only ad one More to prove the Comp^s Right to that Exemption, I shall only add one More
wch if You have not hit upon, may be worthy Your Observation, which w^ch if You have not hit upon, may be worthy Your Observation, which
is this, That _ the Additional Acticle expresses that the Goods awh is this, That _ the Additional Acticle expresses that the Goods w^ch
be fre of all Dutys, whereas if it had mentiond the Comps. there enight be free of all Dutys, whereas if it had mentiond the Comp^a. there might
lave been a pretence for imposing the Duty on the Buyers, wt would ege have been a pretence for imposing the Duty on the Buyers, w^ch would equally
affet the Comps. But in the present Case as the Goods are to be five hie affect the Comp^a. But in the present Case as the Goods are to be free, this
being carred up into the Country & removed from place to place canmitd being carried up into the Country, & removed from place to place, cannot
make them otherwise, no more than it can alter, the Nature of the Gu make them otherwise, no more than it can alter, the Nature of the Goods
or make them cease to be as make them cease to be.
I is further to be obdered, that by the 21. Act of harys I is further to be observd, that by the 41. Act of the Als.^e?
Fenty all Laws, Ordinances, Proclamations, Priviledges, Estal in treaty, all Laws, Ordinances, Proclamations, Priviledges, Established
Usages & Customs, contrary thereto, wherever the same may be Subsitian Usages & Customs, contrary thereto, wherever the same may be Subsiding
in any of the Ports, Places, & Provinces of America belanging to he in any of the costs, Places, & Provinces of America belonging to the
C.M. are dispensed with infavour of the Assientists, So that all C.M. are dispensed with infavour of the Assientists, So that all
pretences for Alcavalas, even by this Article, ane entirely Obviald, had pretences for Alcavalas, even by this Article, an entirely Obviated, had
there not been an Express provision for it by the Additional Arhicl there not been an Express provision for it by the Additional articles.
But put both together tis evidently clear But put both together, tis evidently clear.
Youl seby the inclosed Exhast of a Lettr he Lompe he You'l see by the inclosed Extract of a Letter the compo. have
uno red from the Vera Cus Fartory, that they were infarnd, he now used from the Vera Cruz Fartory, that they were informed, the
Peeas Feria