to Us on that Subject, by the Rogat Eormnes which are of littly or no to Us on that Subject, by the Royal Prince, which are of Little, or no
Uey, but to the Coring who have a great deaf of reourey Thy We Use, but to the Curious, who have a great Deal of Leisure,The Words
of the Traty andey which the lawn this Night hert. Cand they anth of the Treaty, under which We claim this Right Vis.^t (and they are to
bo fre of all duty in the Indies) are fuw and Cleas (admitting of no be free of all Dutys in the Indies.) are few and Clear, admitting of no
Dmbly Entendre, and without Straining en, but taking em in the Double Entendre, and without Straining 'em, but taking em in the
Common Naturnl Sense, ary as Cleas as the cfuld Wish, And as to Common Natural Sense, are as Clear as We could Wish; And as to
the Gorts by the Eligabth Lyuency ship they were free by the the Goods by the Elizabeth Lycense Ship, they were free by the
Capress Words of the Lycense, But this being a Matter of Great Express Words of the Lycense; But this being a Matter of Great
Consequence to Us, not only in Respect to Our past but future Taty Consequence to Us, not only in Respect to Our Past but future Trade
by the Annual Shypis, it behoers us to get it rectiffed, which toy by the Annual Ships, it behoves us to get it rectifyed, which we
ary endeavouring at being determaend not to give up Our Right are endeavouring at being determin'd not to give up Our Right
to so Valaable a priviledge; And us Mr Moor, you writy has been to so Valuable a Priviledge; And as M.^r Moor, You write, has been
of very realous in this particular, Tho We cannot see any reat So very Zealous in this Particular, Tho We cannot See any real
Service done. It may be proper enough to gratify him, as a Lany Service done; It may be Proper enough to gratify him, as a Lawyer
proportionably to the Advice and Assistance he has given or Proportionably to the Advice and Assistance he has given or
may hereafter give, when You have Oecasion of him, Butns to may hereafter give, when You have Occasion of him; But as to
his demant of 26,000f for 7 Years Service to April 1722. It his Demandof 26,000P for 7 Years Service to April 1722. It
sems to lts, from the Small knowledge the hour of his Mirits to be Seems to Us, from the Small knowledge We have of his Merits, to be
very extraordinary Mr. Bedele informs us he paid him 2000f very extraordinary: M.^r Bedell informs Us he paid him 2000P
the latter and of the Yaryr 1717 or begending of 1718 And You Go the latter end of the Year 1717. or beginning of 1718. And You Your
felow Witey You forund among the Carks papers Cony of a e Selves Write, You forund among M.^r Clarks Papers Copy of a Receipt
gren by the said Mon for hovo f imn fullofale drmand for tr given by the said Moor for 4000P in full of all Demands for Services
Ring and to be done to the Sd. May ty 20 May to th know what ret done and to be done to the 1.^st May 1720. Nor do We know, what real
Serad Service