We have perused the papers You sent us in Yours of We have perused the papers You sent us in Yours of
the 8. Octr. bust the 8th. Oct last
As to what concerns Capt. Toft, We doubt not but he as well As to what concerns Capt. Toft, We doubt not but he as well
as the Vera frus Factory have fully informd you, and inasmuch as it as the Vera Cruz Factory have fully informd you, and inasmuch as it
appears by the Sentence, that the Boatswain was the guilty person, & not appears by the Sentence, that the Boatswain was the guilty person, & not
the Capt. he being acquited of the Imputation of what was alledged. We the Capt. he being acquitted even of the Imputation of what was alledged. We
dont think it consistent with Justice, that he should be kept a prisoner at dont think it consistent with Justice, that he should be kept a prisoner at
Pea Crus, or be obliged to pay the Charges of the Sunt, as We hear he is Vera Cruz, or be obliged to pay the Charges of the Suit, as We hear he is
We are Sensible Things of this Nature raise Sealousies We are Sensible Things of this Nature raise Jealousies
at Maded, and We wish they could be prevented, You may assure the at Madrid, and We wish they could be prevented, You may assure the
Spanish Ministers, the Strictest Order have been given by us for that purpose, Spanish Ministers, the Strictest Order have been given by us for that purpose,
all illict Trade being pernicions to the Comp. as well as the King of Spain all illicit Trade being pernicious to the Comp. as well as the King of Spain
But as in this Cave the Capt. is proved Incrocent, the hold our Selves concernd But as in this Cases the Capt. is proved Innocent, the hold our Selves concernd
to defend him. You will therefore take the first Opportunity of applying to defend him. You will therefore take the first Opportunity of applying
for his Releasement, advising with his Exy. Mr. Stanhope in what for his Releasement, advising with his Exy. Mr. Stanhope in what
Manner to proceed. The process on this Affair was transmitted by the
Royal Officers of Vera Cruz to the Council of Indies, to wch you may have
Recourse for Yo^r better Information in making the Defence
We observe another of these papers was Copy of a Letter We observe another of these papers was Copy of a Letter
from Mr. Sett of Verr Crue to Your self relating to the Money inbarged as from Mr. Pitt  of Vera Cruz to Your self relating to the Money imbarged as
it was coming to our Factory at Vera Crur, concerning which te wrote you it was coming to our Factory at Vera Cruz, concerning which, we wrote you
in Octr last, And was in hopes to have heard Somithing had ben done in in Oct^r last, And was in hopes to have heard Something had been done in
it before New it before Now
Another Another