that place, Panama & Portobelo, but as orither We nor Your self that place, Panama & Portobelo, but as neither We nor Your self
as you write, have received any there's reason to suspect their being
Suppressd You will therefore make Enquiry & particularly of our
Agents at Cadiz, and get the best Information You can, & advise us
This I have in Comand from the Court of Directors to This I have in Comand from the Court of Directors to
Signify to You, & am
Sir Sir
Yors mosthund Cer Yors most hum serv^ts
DWescomb D.Wescomb
Thos Withers Esqr Tho. Withers Esq.
London 2l Decr 1726 London 24th Dec.^m 1726
Sir Sir
Herewith I transmit you the Answer of the Herewith I transmit you the Answer of the
Southlbacomp to the Cross Bill of Mr Bennet & Uas duly taken under South seacomp to the Cross Bill of Mr Bennet & Uas duly taken under
the Corporation Seal of the sd Company before theree of the Coms. Franed in the Corporation Seal of the sd Company before three of the Coms. named in
the Dedimu potestateon wth you sent for that purpose. The same was the Dedimu potestatom w^ch you sent for that purpose. The same was
tred, and Sealed up by Mr Thos Tyon one of the sd Comissrs And by tied, and Sealed up by Mr Tyron one of the sd Comissrs And by
him deliverd to Eapt Mo: Holland p Comander of the ship Judith him deliverd to Capt Tho^s. Holland & Comander of the ship Judith
who will wait on you with it, And make oath of his having received who will wait on you with it, And makes oath of his having received
it so tyed up & Sealed from the hands of the said Mr Tryon, which it so tyed up & Sealed from the hands of the said Mr Tryon, which
I apprehend in the necessary form required by your Court in Barbados
for the hransmitting sd. Answer, the wth upon your Receipt of it from for the transmitting & Answer, the wth upon your Receipt of it from
Capt Holland t You will please to take the proper Care of Capt Holland  You will please to take the proper Care of
A Copy of the said Answer shall if possible be sent you also by Capt A Copy of the said Answer shall if possible be sent you also by Capt,
Holland,& but if he sails before it be ready You may expect it Holland,& but if he sails before it be ready You may expect it
by the forst Ship after him. by the first Ship after him.
Please to Advise the Court of Directorsel Your Please to Advise the Court of Directors (?)Your
Receipthereof & with yor proceesings. I am Receipt hereof & with yor proceesings. I am
Joh Sir
Yo mnost hund Lervt Yo mnost hunm Servant
Prswr & Augt 1727 Anew^d. & Augt 1727
W.S. W.S.