Saith Sean Houn Loanding Spt 7 South Sea House London 9. Sepr 1725
Tor Sr
I this Day red from our Sety of States Office yr paucti I this Day recd from our Secry of States Offices yr packet
That to the Court was laid before them, but yors to me I aid not concunieate That to the Court was laid before them, but yors to me I aid not communicate
However inclosed I send you the Cisula You desired for investing the preducent However inclosed I send you the Cedula You desired for investing the produce of 
the Negres in the fruits of the Sparish West Indies, but the 2d Cod which the Negros in the fruits of the Spanish West Indies, but the 2d Ceda which I
presume is a Dupb. Idont find among those come to havd, and I hope the presume is a Dupl I dont find among those come to hand, and I hope the
delivering back of this will be sufficient for to get another to take in the delivering back of this will be sufficient for to get another to take in the
Produce of the Annual Ship, And that Duplicates for the Several Port Produce of the Annual Ship, And that Duplicates for the Several Ports
will be issued of Course, I believe upon comparing Your Loers of the s will be issued of Courses, I believe upon comparing Your Letters of the 30th
July, with that of the 6. Aug. Youl find Your Self mistaken, for in the form July, with that of the 6. Augt Youl find Your Self mistaken, for in the former
You say You send 3 Cisulas (not ascertaining the Co. norw meation & in the You say You send 3 Cedulas (not ascertaining the Ceda now mentioned) & in the
latter you write You seid Duplicates of the 2 Ces mentiond in that of the latter you write You seid Duplicates of the 2 Ceds mentiond in that of the
30th July, So that I belive the never had a Dupt of this Eeds about the 30th July, So that I belive the never had a Dupd of this Ceda about the
investing the produce of Negroes. I have nothing further at present he investing the produce of Negroes. I have nothing further at present but
shall soon wrte you more at large. I am in all truth shall soon wrte you more at large. I am in all truth
Anc. 15 Oct 1725 Ansd. 15 Oct 1725
Yor sery humble lont Yor very humble Sert.
D. Wescomb D. Wescomb
Messrs Rigby & Pratter
Gent Gent
Inclosed is Abstract of the Casal Capt. Saml Mayln Inclosed is Abstract fr ye Charterpart of the Caesar Capt. Saml Taylor
wch the South Sea Comp have have taken up for a Voyage to the Windward and
Gold Coast of Guinea in Africa, to take in 250 Negroes to be deliverd at
Port Royal in Jamaica
I am (in Mr Wescombs Absence I am (in Mr Wescombs Absence)
Gen Gent
Younathenth Your most humb. Sert.
Milbonth Will Smith
South Sea House
Londo 11 Sepr 1725