whereas you geneally advrise us how many Male, and how many Frml whereas you generally only advise us how many Males, and how many Females
you receive, we would have you send us by lach ship, as Fair and Candid you receive, we would have you send us by Each ship, as Fair and Candid
Representations as you can to the best of your Judgments of the Stat on Representations as you can, to the best of your Judgments of the State and
Condition of the Negroes by Such Ship, how many may be sad to be god h Condition of the Negroes by Such Ship, how many may be said to be good, what
passable or Indifecent, and what Refuse, with the number of the Boys and passable or Indifferent, and what Refuse, with the number of the Boys and
Giels, Men, and Women, and what come under or exceed the Respective ages tim Girls, Men, and Women, and what come under or exceed the Respective ages limited
This account you may send Seperate from your Letters, for our more readely This account you may send Seperate from your Letters, for our more readily
Transmitting it to the proper ofice, And as doubtless the Captains andy Transmitting it to the proper office; And as doubtless the Captains and you
Selves will adjust the same, let both they and your Selves Sign it, sihin Selves will adjust the same, let both they and your Selves Sign it, which
will be some Government to us in making up the Freight. will be some Government to us in making up the Freight.
We are sorry to hear the Assient’s Regroes arrived with yourn We are sorry to hear the Assiento's Negroes arrived with you in
so bad a time of the Year, and in so Sickly a Condition, occasioned as you so bad a time of the Year, and in so Sickly a Condition, occasioned as you
write by her being on the Coast iny Rainy Season, but that Season being write by her being on the Coast in ye Rainy Season, but that Season being
Souncelai, it cant be expected it can allways be avoided, and you the So uncertain, it cant be expected it can allways be avoided, and your time
for the Negroes Arival at Buenas Ayres be complyd with: We have allalay for the Negroes Arrival at Buenos Ayres be complyd with: We have all along
as near as night be, adapted the times of sending out our Ships, so as to be as near as might be, adapted the times of sending out our Ships, so as to be
with you in the Season you have desired, consistent with our avoiding the with you in the Season you have desired, consistent with our avoiding the
rainy time ou the Coast, and shall continue So to do, having regard that rainy time on the Coast, and shall continue So to do, having regard that
the last Ship in Each Year be sent out soon Enough to be with you in he the last Ship in Each Year be sent out soon Enough to be with you in he
Month of December at furthest as you recomend Month of December at furthest as you recomend.
Since the Carife, Bonita, Bootle Duke of Cambrige tegar 6. Since the Eariffe, Bonita, Bootle, Duke of Cambridge Negro Ships
which we advised you were dispatching. We have Sent out for Angola and which we advised you were dispatching; We have Sent out for Angola and
your Fractory. your Factory.
The King William Capt. Winter for 500 Negises, and The King William Capt Winter for 500 Negroes, and
The Essex Cap. Smith for 350 Do The Essex Capt Smith for 350 Do
of whore Chartarpaty inclosed are absheets They both sold he lal of where Charterpartys inclosed are abstracts; They both said the latter
end of January. end of January.
And And