And as it is necessary that oue of You should be at Panama & the And as it is necessary that one of You should be at Panama & the other
at Partobelos, And We have not enjoyned howe long either should reaide of at Portobelo, And We have not enjoynd how long either should reside at a 
place, We recomend it to You to accomod ate each other in the best Man place; We recomend it to You to accomodate each other in the best Manner
You can for the preservation of, or recruiting Yor Healths, So as it be You can for the preservation of, or recruiting Yor Healths, So as it be done
wth pradence, and Discretion, And your Business be not neglected o the wth prudence, and Discretion, And your Business be not neglected, or the
Comps. Interests receive any prejudice thereby Comps. Interests receive any prejudice thereby.
We recomend it to You to proced with all possible x paction We recomend it to You to proceed with all possible Expedition
by the Way of Jamaica, where being alrived apply to Messrs Righy & Prater by the Way of Jamaica, where being arrived apply to Messrs Rigby & Pratter
our Agents for a passage to Portobelo in the firt of our slopes or other Vespull our Agents for a passage to Portobelo in the first of our Sloops or other Vessell
wch shall be dispatched thither, they having our Directions by the inclosed wch shall be dispatched thither, they having our Directions by the inclosed
Letter to accomodate you therein Letter to accomodate You therein.
You wil abeo herewith veire one Leacer to h amne You will also herewith receive one Letter to the Panama &
Portobelo Factory advising them of Yor. Appointment into our service, Portobelo Factory, advising them of Yor. Appointment into our Services;
We hope You'l So Conduct Your Self therein as becomes the Trust & Confidence
We repose in You; And wishing you a good Voyage & Success We remain
Yor affectionate Frunds Yor Affectionate Friends
The Courtof Director of the The Court of Directors of the
Jay Aspson. Royl Asso Compa
Jno Eyles Sublyn Ju^e Eyles Sub Gov^r
Jno Hudge DGos In^c Rudge D Gov^r
J Gd. Silliun J Gd. Silliun
G. Roberts G. Roberts
H Wood H Wood
S. Jones S. Jones
B. Lethicullier B. Lethicullier
A. Newton A. Newton
Ro. Hophins Ro. Hophins
Wo Brooke Wo Brooke
Wm Heath Wm Heath
T. Savill T. Savill
H. S. Eyre H. S. Eyre
F. Skinner F. Skinner
S. Hanbury S. Hanbury
J. Raworth J. Raworth
Wm Bowles Wm Bowles
R. Michell R. Michell