To the Factory of the Royal British To the Factory of the Royal British
Assiento Company at Buenos Ayres Assiento Company at Buenos Ayres
South Seahouse London South Seahouse London
Gentlemen Gentlemen
30 June 1726 30: June 1726
By the Bristow Soreship, which sailed By the Bristow Storeship, which sailed
heme the Latter end of May last We wrote you fully under date the 24th hence the Latter end of May last. We wrote you fully under date the 24th.
February and 10 May in answer to all your Letters and advised you February and 10 May in answer to all your Letters. and advised you
of the then situation of the Publick Affairs between Spain and us of both of the then Situation of the Publick Affairs between Spain and Us of both
which Letters inclosed are lopies. And tho' it's near 2 Months since which Letters inclosed are Copies. And tho' it's near 2 Months since
We still remain in the same uncertainty. We still remain in the same uncertainty.
Since our last pone of our Ships are arrived Since Our last, none of Our Ships are arrived
from your Place, which we think strange. especially the Syrrias from your Place, which We think Strange: especially the Syrria's
not appearing seeing she arrived with you so long ago as Decem 1924 not appearing, seeing she arrived with you so long ago as Decemr 1724
This comes by the Sea Horse Capt: Moor This comes by the Sea Horse Capt Moor
white, which goes out for 412 Negroes to be taken in at White, which goes out for 412 Negroes to be taken in at
Madagusiar. Abstract of whose Charterparty is inclosed. Madagasear. Abstract of whose Charterparty is inclosed.
The St Michael Capt. Burnham also now The St Michael Captn Burnham also now
Proceds for the same Island for 618 Negroes. Proceds for the same Island for 618 Negroes.
We hope these ships will find all Queet We hope these ships will find all Quiet
at your Place, and that no Orders have been sent from Pain- at your Place, and that no Orders have been sent from Spain-
that may Obstruct or Prejudice Our affairs. However in this that may Obstruct or Prejudice Our affairs: However in this
doubtfull Situation we have given the Captains the necessary doubtfull Situation we have given the Captains the neccessary
cautionary Instructions for their conduct in lase of a Rupture, cautionary Instructions for their conduct in Case of a Rupture,
and have wrote your Governour to Interpose his good offices for and have wrote your Governour to Interpose his good offices for
the Protection of your Selves and our Concerns. So that the rest the Protection of your Selves and Our Concerns. So that the rest
We We.