AB3: Tho We have mentaond Indiges yet We would NB. Tho We have mentiond Indigo yet We would
have you avoid purchasing any if it be possible to get have you avoid purchasing any if it be possible to get
sufficient other Effects, And if you should be under sufficient other Effects, And if you should be under a
Necessity of purchasing any, let it be only of the first Necessity of purchasing any, let it be only of the first
Sort; That being about equal to Money, but upon the Sort; That being about equal to Money, but upon the
other two Sorts there is Considerable Loss other two Sorts there is Considerable Loss.
And upon the whole We rather chose that all oue And upon the whole We rather chose that all our
Returns be in Money than to take Cochineal Indigs, o Returns be in Money, than to take Cochineal Indigo, or
any other produce, if to be avorded. any other produce, if to be avoided.
12 You are to take Notice That as our Desian in appeitind 12 You are to take Notice That as our Design in appointing
Supra Cargees is to be thereby assured of having full Returns by this= Supra Cargoes is to be thereby assured of having full Returns by this
Ship We absolutely forbid your selling for longer Credilf thean the Ship We absolutely forbid your selling for longer Credit than the
Stay of the Ship Stay of the Ship.
13 We are informd that not with standing our Goods by the 13 .  We are informed, that not withstanding our Goods by the
Annual Ships are by the 42 Article of the Assicents to be fre f all Annual Ships are by the 42 Article of the Assiento to be free of all
Dutys in the Indies, Alcavalas have been pretended to be due on all
Goods sold out of Laderafuur. As this is an Imposition contin Goods sold out of La vera Cruz. As this is an Imposition contray
to the Treatys You are to treat it as an Innovation & not to Sibnt to the Treatys You are to treat it as an Innovation & not to Submit
thereto, But if Security be required to abide the Determination thereto, But if Security be required to abide the Determination
of his C.M. in his Council of Indies, as was done in Resput= of his C.M. in his Council of Indies, as was done in Respect
to the Royal Princes Cargo in the Year 1723 You are to to the Royal Princes Cargo in the Year 1723. You are to
requaint the Factory thereof they having br Directions to acquaint the Factory thereof they having our Directions to
rnter into Such Security, and in all other Cases where Difficulty enter  into Such Security, and in all other Cases where Difficulty
may be put in your Way, You are either by Your Selves or ou may be put in your Way, You are either by Your Selves, or our
Factors to demand the Protection of our Judge Conservator alway Factors to demand the Protection of our Judge [Commtos] always
remembring the vast power with which he is Inbusted for [remembring] the vast power with which he is Indebted for
Our Our