We are serporised after the Tieal of the Contatation at Cadre We are Surprized after the Fiscal of the Contratation at Cadiz
had as You formerly wrote us declared the Wathinsons Cargo to be free of had as You formerly wrote us declared the Wathinsons Cargo to be free of
all Duties by vertue of the 17th Article of the Assients; It now appears all Duties by vertue of the 17.^th Article of the Assiento; It now appears
they have obliged our Agents at Cadiz to depos it a Duty calld Millones they have obliged our Agents at Cadiz to deposit a Duty calld Millones
 being 10 PC.^t or more on the first Cost; But as by the aforesaid Article
the Assients Effects are to be free of all Duties on their Importation the Assiento Effects are to be free of all Duties on their Importation
in Spain, and to have the same priviledges as if they belongd to his in Spain, and to have the Same Priviledges as if they belongd to his
P. M. Wecannot come into Mr. Dermuders Opinion, that wen the bugee C. M. We cannot come into Mr. Bermudez's Opinion, that even the buyers
accrliable, for if so the Exemption is of no Avail, it being the same whether are liable, for if So the Exemption is of no Avail, it being the Same whether
the Company pay it or the Buyers, that being Considerd in the price the Company pay it or the Buyers, that being Considerd in the Price:
Moreover there is to be a Distrnction meade between persons and Things Moreover there is to be a Distinction made between Persons and Things.
Tis the Goods that are expressd to be Exempt as We have before said of the 'Tis the Goods that are expressd to be Exempt as We have before said of the
Aseunual Ships, So that let them shift bands ever so often, the Goods Annual Ships, So that let them Shift hands ever So often, the Goods
remain the same, & are still Exempt, And this Ratcle the it bibut lette remain the Same, & are still Exempt, And this Article tho' it be ^of but little
Consequence to us in Comparison of the Annual Ships, Yet as it is a Consequence to us in Comparison of the Annual Ships, Yet as it is a
Matter of Right We must not give it up or Suffer it to be Eluded Matter of Right We must not give it up or Suffer it to be Eluded.
The Bills You advise in Yor Several Letters to have deacon The Bills You advise in Yo:r Several Letters to have drawn
on the Company have met with due payment, but the observe you some on the Company, have met with due Payment, but We observe You Some=
times dear & do not mention on what accot. particularly those mentions =times draw & do not mention on what acco:t Particularly those mentiond
in Your Letter of the 9th April last for ₤5000 in 3 Bills, wch You should in Your Letter of the 9.^th April last for ₤5000 in 3 Bills, w.^ch You should
ntorit. not omit.
We have received yor Accot hade up to the 6th of April last We have received Yo:r Acco.ts made up to the 6.^th of April last
which will pass their proper Examination which will pass their proper Examination
You may now very Suddenly expect the K. of Spains Accot You may now very Suddenly expect the K. of Spains Acco.^ts
they being neat finished, And as We shall add thereto an Estimate of the they being near finished, And as We shall add thereto an Estimate of the
Amount of the Losses & Damages We have sustaind by our many grouns Amount of the Losses & Damages We have Sustaind by our many ground=
less Imbarrassments for which the could revergetany Satisfaction =less Imbarrassments for which We could never get any Satisfaction,
it