Since Our last none of our ships are arrived from your Place Since Our last none of our ships are arrived from your Place
which we think strange especially the Syrrias not appearing which we think Strange. especially the Syrria's not appearing
seeing she arrived with you so long ago as December 1721 seeing she arrived with you so long ago as December 1724.
This comes by the St Michael Captn Charles Burnham wch This comes by the St Michael Captn Charles Burnham wch
goes out for 618 Negies to be taken in at Madagascar. Abstract of goes out for 618 Negroes to be taken in at Madagasecar. Abstract of
whose Charterparty is inclosed. whose Charterparty is inclosed.
The Sea Hore capt Moor White also now proceeds for The Sea Horse Capt Moor White also now proceed's for
the Same Island for 412 Negroes the Same Inland for 412 Negroes.
Inclosed are Invoice and Bill of Lading of 10 Chaldron and Inclosed are Invoice and Bill of Lading of 10 Chaldron and
a half of Coals o this shyps for the use of the Factory a half of Coals P this ships for the use of the Factory
We hope these ships will find all Quiet at yor Place and that We hope these ships will find all Quiet at your Place and that
no Orders have been sent from Spain that may Obstruct or Prejudice no Orders have been sent from Spain that may Obstruct or Prejudice
Our affairs, However in this doubtfull Situation we have given the Our affairs, However in this doubtfull Situation we have given the
Captains the necessary Cautionary Instructions for their Conduct in case Captains the necessary Cautionary  Instructions for their Conduct in case
of a Rupture, and have wrote your Governour to Interpose his good of a Rupture, and have wrote your Governour to Interpose his good
offices for the Protection of your selves and Our Concerns. To that the offices for the Protection of your selves and Our Concerns. To that the
rest we must leave to your Prudent management, hoping We rest we must leave to your Prudent management, hoping We
shall be able in a little time to acquaint you of a lonfurmd Peace shall be able in a little time to acquaint you of a confirmd Peace
And that our Trade in all it's branches has met with a better And that our Trade in all it's branches has met with a better
Settlement We are Settlement We are
Your affectionate Frends Your affectionate Friends
the Court of Directors the Court of Directors
R. Newton R. Newton
S. Eyles. Subgeo. J. Eyles. Subgov.^r
J Raworth J Raworth
I Audge. Dep. Gov. I Audge. Dep. Gov.^nr
T. Skinner T. Skinner
R Lewin R Lewin
S. Pitt S. Pitt
TAyles F Ayles
J: Hanbury J: Hanbury
S. Jones S. Jones
R. Mickell R. Michell
Sd. Burrell P ^r.  Burrell
H. T. Cyre H. T. Eyre
P. Savill F. Savill
H. Cartwright H. Cartwright
n. Michlethwarte n. Micklethwaite
Mr Raper M: Raper
G. Roberts G. Roberts
W: Brooke W: Brooke
H. Ashton H. Ashton
Rwood R wood