Sloop you find any considerable damages. You will consider whether Sloop you find any considerable damages. You will consider whether
it be not most Proper to make a Seperation, and sell the Damaged by it be not most Proper to make a Seperation, and sell the Damaged by
it self. remitting the Produce to Mr Connade de Gold the Company's Cash. it self. remitting the Produce to Mr Conrade de solo the Company's Cash.
advising the necessary._ advising the necessary._
The Gentlemen have ordered Capt youron to Provide the said The Gentlemen have ordered Capt youron to Provide the said
Sloop with a new suit of Sails at yo Place if he can do it intime. To Sloop with a new suit of Sails at yo^.r Place if he can do it in time. so
as not to be detaind an hour after delivery of his largoe. You as not to be detain'd an hour after delivery of his Cargoe. You
are therefore desired to supply him with Money to Provide dd sails, and are therefore desired to supply him with Money to Provide sd sails, and
Contribute all you lan to dispatch of said Sloop back again. Contribute all you can to dispatch of said Sloop back again.
I am I am
Gentlemen Gentlemen
Yor Most humble serv Yo^.r Most humble serv
DWescomb D Wescomb
South Seahouse London 16 Decemt 1725 South Seahouse London 16 Decemr 1725
Mr Samuel Pitt. Mr Samuel Pitt.
Sir Sir
Yor of the 4th Instant with lopy of a fornce Yo^.r of the 4th Instant with Copy of a former
of the 23 lilt has been duly recd & read by the Gentlemen of the of the 23 lilt has been duly rec^.d & read by the Gentlemen of the
South Sea Company. And in answer I am to acquaint you That South Sea Company. And in answer I am to acquaint you That
they leave it to you to Dispose of the Watkinson's largoe from the they leave it to you to Dispose of the Watkinson's Cargoe from the
Haveina in the best manner you can for their Interest. And as Havana in the best manner you can for their Interest. And as
Mr Herne is absent they desire Mr Haneock may be added to you Mr.Herne is absent they desire Mr Hancock may be added to you
till their further Pleasure be known. And as to the Authentick till their further Pleasure be known. And as to the Authentick
Power you desire may be Sent they think as Merchants upon Power you desire may be Sent. They think as Merchants upon
Comission you may act upon their Lres without other Powers Comission you may act upon their Lies without other Powers
but if you want them, advise the nature of em. and they shall be but if you want them, advise the nature of em. and they shall be
sentyon. I am sent you- I am
Sir yor most humble Servt Sir yo^.r most humble Serv^.t
DWescomb D Wescomb