Messrs Rigby and Preater Messrs Rigby and Rrater
Gent. Gentn
This will be delivered you by Mr John Innes This will be delivered you by Mr John Innes
whom the Court of Drectors have appointed one of the Surgeons to the whom the Court of Drectors have appointed one of the Surgeons to the
Panama and Porto belo Factory. They have by their Instructions duated Panama and Portobelo Factory: They have by their Instructions dirceted
himon his arrival at Jamaica to apply to you for a Passage thither him on his arrival at Jamaica to apply to you for a Passage thither
in One of their sloops or other Vessel which shall first sail for Portobets in One of their sloops, or other Vessel which shall first sail for Portobello
This Iwrite by Order of the Court of Directors. I am This I write by Order of the Court of Directors. I am
Gent. Gent
Your most humble Senv Your most humble Servt
South Sea House Londo
D. Wescomb Dr Wescomb
25 January 1725 25th January 1725
London 28 Jany 1725 Of London 28 Jany 1725 O.S.
Messrs Clifford & Co
Messrs Messrs
Since my lestofthe 16 or. havred yor f the Since my last of the 26 No^r. have seed yo^r of his his 18:Dec
& 18th Int with the particulars of the Gross Weights & Accot. Sales of the Sate & 18th Just with the particulars of the Gross Weights & Accot. Sales of the Sate
Carge, and advising what Remittances you had made to Mr De Gls on that Carge, and advising what Remittance,s you had made to M^r De Gols on that
Account and your Intention to send us an Accot Cuent with a Ramittome Account and your Intention to send us an Acco^t Current with a Remittance
for the Ballance which am Expecting. The Gentlemon observe the Rann for the Ballance which am Expecting. The Gentleman observe the narrow
Escepe you had from the Sen who broke and are pleased you have meti Escape you had from the Jew who broke and are pleased you have met with
nro bad Debt; I have Communicated to them your Letters and Account no bad Debt; I have Communicated to them your Letters and Accounts,
who commend your Punctuality. I am who commend your Punctuality. I am
You vey himblelaet Your very himble Sev^t
Messrs Mess^rs
D. Waombr D. Wescombs