The Produce of the largoe, the Gentlemen desire you will remit The Produce of the Cargoe, the Gentlemen desire you will remit
to Mr Conrade de Gols the Company's Cashier and advice me thereof to Mr Conrade de Gols the Company's Cashier and advice me thereof
I am I am
Gent. Gent.
Yor Most humble Servt Yor Most humble Servt
Dwescomb D Wescomb.
South Seahouse South Seahouse
London 2d Novemb. 1725 London 2d Novemb. 1725
Messrs Halsey & Cressener Messrs Halsey & Cressener
Gentlemen Gentlemen
My last was of the 28t past of the Don My last was of the 28t past of the Don
Carlos Capt. Youron, who Ihope is, or will be soon with you, being Carlos Capt. Your on, who I hope is, or will be soon with you, being
consign'd to yor Place for account of the South Sea Company with a consign'd to yor Place for account of the South Sea Company with a
largoe of Sugar Sruffs: the Trusts of S Dagadeluba, of whose Cargoe of Sugar [Sruffs]? these fruits of St. Iagode Cuba, of whose
Cargoe inclosed is an Account of the Quantity of each Specie. Cargoe inclosed is an Account of the Quantity of each Specie.
Jan now to own Receipt of yos of this date NS. Inclosing Account Jan now to own Receipt of yos of this date ns. Inclosing Account
Sales of the Sugar Hides and Logwood p the Francis, which will be Sales of the Sugar Hides and Logwood  the Francis, which will be
examined. The Bill you remitted Mr Degols for 500. Sterl, on Mr Brown examined. The Bill you remitted Mr Degols for 500. Sterl, on Mr Brown
has been accepted. You will Please to observe that the Donlarlos has been accepted. You will Please to observe that the Don Carlos
is no hired ship, but a Sloop of the Company's Own. And we are is no hired ship, but a Sloop of the Company's Own. And we are
Pleased to hear she brings the Sugars so opportunely to take the benefit Pleased to hear she brings the Sugars so opportunely to take the benefit
of yor rising market, occasion'd by the Aaditional duty, being as you of yor rising market, occasion'd by the Additional duty, being as you
write laid at Lisbon on the Exportation of that Comodity. write laid at Lisbon on the Exportation of that Comodity.
Sam I am
Gentl. Sent
Yor Most humble Servt Yor Most humble Servt
DWescomb D Wescomb
PS. PS.
If you have occasion for the Particulars If you have occasion for the Particulars
of each upon yor Letting me know. Ishall send them of each upon yor Letting me know. I shall send them