all thing relating to the Voyage out & home, not contrary to our all thing relating to the Voyage out & home, not contrary to our
particular Instructions to him, Copy whereof You have heren particular Instructions to him, Copy where of You have herewith
wherein you will observe (among other things) he is orders to take wherein you will observe (among other things) he is ordered to take
Care that the Chief Mate & Boatswain respectively or in their o Care that the Chief Mate & Boatswain respectively or in their or 
either of their Absence, the then next officer aboard do keep a perfect either of their Absence, the then next officer aboard do keep a perfect
Acco. of every parcel of Goods or Effects which shall be Carred onto Acco.^t of every parcel of Goods or Effects which shall be Carried out of
or brought into the Ship, with their Marks & numbers wth Account or brought into the Ship, with their Marks & numbers w^h account
is to be produced to You, when and as often as You shall desire the is to be produced to You, when and as often as You shall desire the
same, and to be delivered to Us at the Shias Return, wherefore you same, and to be delivered to Us at the Ships Return, wherefore you
are to take the Needfull Care, & remind the Capt of the said Oder the are to take the Needfull Care, & remind the Capt of the said Order that
it be duly complied with. it be duly complied with.
8. Upon your Arrival at Vera fruz You are to deliver our 8. Upon your Arrival at Vera Cruz You are to deliver our
packet to our Factory there, and also our Letters to the Govr. and packet to our Factory there, and also our Letters to the Govr. and
Royal Officers, with our Compliments, which Letter You have Royal Officers, with our Compliments, which Letter You have.
Roy be notified as Soon as conveniently may be, with yor Arrune, Roy be notified as Soon as conveniently may be, with yo^r Arrival,
And as it is probable you will find it necessary that one or there And as it is probable you will find it necessary that one or more
of You should go up to Mexico, You will present to his Expe of You should go up to Mexico, You will present to his [Expe]? our
Letter herewith deliverd You with our Compliments Letter herewith deliverd You with our Compliments.
For the better facilitating our Affairs and preventing 9. For the better facilitating our Affairs and preventing
Imbarasments We have thypd on the Prence Frederch Lundny Imbarasments We have shipd on the Prince Frederick Sundry
Goods proper for presents (as by a Seperate Invoyce herewith Goods proper for presents (as by a Seperate Invoyce herewith
deliverd you) out of which You may make such present to deliverd you) out of which You may make such presents to
the Vice Roy, Govr. & Royal Officers, and also to the Admirel the Vice Roy, Govr. & Royal Officers, and also to the Admiral
of the Flota upon his Arrival, as You judge necessary havn of the Flota upon his Arrival, as You judge necessary having
regard to the Dispesal of them at such Finces & in Such ant regard to the Disposal of them at such times & in Such manner