the Annual Ships, and how the Declaration in favour of the latter can affect the Annual Ships, and how the Declaration in favour of the latter can affect
the Store Shipes, We dont see, unlessexpeless proviion be rnserted for that prurfor the Store Ships, We dont see, unless express provision be inserted for that purpose
And as they ace of such dffeceut Natures, We wish the applying for both in And as they are of such different Natures, We wish the applying for both in
the same Memorial dasrst clogg the whole, As the Times limited in the afres the Same Memorial do'snot clogg the whole; As the Times limited in the afores^d.
Bonds are near expeiring You did well to apply for Orders for Cancelling then Bonds are near expiring You did well to apply for Orders for Cancelling them
without waiting the issue of the Declaration, and were in hopes to have had without waiting the issue of the Declaration, and were in hopes to have had
theme by this Trne, being about dispatching the present Atoe Ship for Deenes them by this Time, being about dispatching the present Store Ship for Buenos
Ayres; And as You write there is an Aviso to be Sent from Cadiz to carry Notice Ayres; And as You write there is an Aviso to be Sent from Cadiz to carry Notice
of the Register Shyes that are to follow this Suring You will do well to inform of the Register Ships that are to follow this Spring You will do well to inform
Your self whether they carly any Orders or Ceod. to our prejudice, it private Your Self, whether they carry any Orders or Ced^as. to our Prejudice, w^ch private
Way of Conducting towards us you are Sensible has not been without Example Way of Conducting towards us, you are Sensible has not been without Example
And at this Juncture especially you should have your Eyes open that the may And at this Juncture especially, you should have your Eyes open that We may
have the cartlet Information as to what passe that may affect the Comps have the earliest Information as to what passes that may affect the Comp^a
or their Concerns in the Indies or their Concerns in the Indies
We have been expecting ever since last July the rest of the We have been expecting ever since last July the rest of the
Cdr. pursuant to the H. of Spains Resolutions being 14 in Number, having Ced^asr. pursuant to the K. of Spains Resolutions, being 14 in Number, having
beed but 6 of these Edulas: thes by the May Weare far from being ford of them rec^d but 6 of these Cedulas; this by the Way, We are far from being fond of them;
the Teatys themseloes having fut us on a betterfort, as appeas by the Reneake the Treatys themselves having put us on a better foot, as appears by the Remarks
We Sent You We Sent You
We have perised the Lotte You dent us from the Countes of We have perused the Letter You sent us from the Countess of
Castelblarces Agent at Panama, & ar surprised at the Complaint he make Castelblanco's Agent at Panama, & are surprized at the Complaint he makes
of the Negroes; This Letter is dated the 17t May 1725. Whereas by a Letter of the Negroes; This Letter is dated the 17 May 1725. Whereas by a Letter
We have red from Dd Agent of the 12 April 1725 be is so far from making We have recd from Sd Agent of the 12 April 1725 he is so far from making
any Complaint, that he expresses great Satisfaction at the punctuality & any Complaint, that he expresses great Satisfaction at the punctuality &
obliging Maual in t Mr. Bumpsted had Caused these Negres to be detluve obliging Manner in wch. Mr. Bumpsted had Caused these Negroes to be delivered