and assues us on the Ladys pat to be as punctual in the payments D and assures us on the Ladys Part, to be as punctual in the Payments. This
Leter Whe think proper you should shere the Lady in case ha Agent has cot Letter We think proper you should show the Lady in case her Agent has wrote
he any Complaint He therefore Lend it you inclosed and to be rehand i able her any Complaint. We therefore Send it you inclosed, and to be returnd us after
You have dowe with it, it bring proper for us to keep, lenst any pretences land You have done with it, it bring proper for us to keep, least any pretences should be
saved against the payments And what Gfread erise that Agent had wite Go raisd against the Payments And what you advise that Agent had wrote You
hereupon will serve to Caroborate the Groundlessness of the Complaint hereupon will Serve to Corroborate the Groundlessness of the Complaint
As to the Marq Montelons & Count de St. Estevaus pretenvune As to the Marq Monteleons & Count de St. Estevaus pretension
for Loss by Ex c We have alleady wrste you thereupon in ore last fo id the for Loss by Ex & We have already wrote you thereupon in our last, to wch We
referr Adding only this, that if any Loss be incured, his CM. & not the referr: Adding only this, that if any Loss be incured, his CM. & not the
Compl ought to make it good, as you answerd them & We hope they acquinaen Compa ought to make it good, as you answerd them & We hope they acquiesce in 
the resonallings of it. the reasonableness of it.
The mating ont he lecet of the proft & Lop by the tegne The making out the Accot of the Profit & Loss by the Negro Trade
arcontinued with all posible Application, And as the formerly erste are continued with all possible Application; And as he formerly wrote You
they will be much disappointed, when they see on wch side the Ballancer they will be much disappointed, when they see on wch Side the Ballance is,
and that no time may be lost you may desire them to get their proportion of and that no time may be lost, You may desire them to get their proportion of
the Money leady to pay us, against those Accot are finished the Money ready to pay us, against those Accot are finished
The Chesr Eon has this Day made friesh Appliation to won The Chevr Eon has this Day made fresh Application to us on 
this Subject. this Subject.
We have read the Meml wd you write was given to Mr Tauligs We have read the Mem^l w^ch You write was given to M^r Stanhope
in behalf of a Tiscal at Leuce for the Reversion of the Judicature of the Aprist in behalf of a Fiscal at Lima for the Reversion of the Judicature of the Assiento
by 1t We suppore is merut the Jrdge Corservater hip) after he Decare of the (by w^ch We suppose is meant the Judge Conservatorship) after the Decease of the
present Or Michl Nunes de Rojas, with leave to seve Gratis in the manusth present Dr Mich^l Nunez de Rojas, with leave to serve Gratis in the meanwhile
esothe being dery aged & inform This Application is fa atiellathe the other being very aged, & inform. This Application is of a Nature New to Us,
And here for the peresent posfor may be cailling to Complyedat ful theae And how far the present possessor may be willing to Comply is doubtful however
as You say Mr. Hanhope has dedired You to recomend it to us, the shal ante as You say Mr. Stanhope has desired You to recomend it to us, We shall write
ou Panama Factory about it. our Panama Factory about it.
T We