We hope Affairs with Spain may yet terminate happily, We hope Affairs with Spain may yet terminate happily,
without any Kuphure, But yet for fear of the worst it will be but without any Rupture; But yet, for fear of the worst, it will be but
Prudent for you to Act with Caution, And to Continue to Send us home Prudent for you to Act with Caution, And to Continue to Send us home
all the Moneys You can together with Such Effect as Youjudge may all the Moneys You can together with Such Effect as You judge may
turn to Accot here, which We particularly recomend to Your Carey & turn to Acco^t here, which We particularly recomend to Your Care &
have done the same to our respective Factorys, to whon You will be Con- have done the same to our respective Factorys, to whom You will be Con-
=tinually sending down our Sloops, That so they may not want Oppor=
turities of sending away the produce of the Comps. effects under their Can tunities of sending away the produce of the Comp^s. Effects under their Care 
& Management
We find great Difficulty in adjusting with Owners of our Neges We find great Difficulty in adjusting with Owners of our Negro
Ships, who appear by Your Certificates to have been deficient in complying Ships, who appear by Your Certificates to have been deficient in complying
with their Charterpartys in respect to the Ages & other Conditions of thiet with their Charterpartys in respect to the Ages & other Conditions of their
Negroes, by reason your Certificates take no particular Notice what may Negroes, by reason Your Certificates take no particular Notice what may
be the Amst of the Damage Sustaind thereby We should be glad be the Amot of the Damage Sustaind thereby: We should be glad
therefore you could by some Method or other enter sofar into that En therefore you could by some Method or other rule so far into that En
quiry as that the Damage may be included in your Certificates =quiry as that the Damage may be included in Your Certificates
Whether this should be done upon Oath, & whether by Yor Seloes Whether this should be done upon Oath, & whether by Yor Selves
or indifferent partys nominated by your Selvas on Orce part & the Capt or indifferent Partys nominated by Your Selves on Our Part & the Capt
on the part of the Owners, We must leave to you to Judge of but We must on the part of the Owners, We must leave to you to Judge of but We must
desire that the Burthen of these Disputes may be lightered by the best Care desire that the Burthen of these Disputes may be lightened by the best Care
You can take on Yr Sde, that We may at least have a proper found ation You can take on Yor Side; that We may at least have a proper foundation
to Judge by here, in Case it cannot be perfectly adjusted with You to Judge by here, in Case it cannot be perfectly adjusted with You
We remain We remain
Rectorond in their bre Rect own'd in their lre
of 23 Sepr 1726 of 23d Sepr 1726
Yor affectionate Frends Yor Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
John Lyles Suct Gov John Eyles Sect Gov^r
Jno Raworth Jn^o Raworth
&. Ayles F Ayles
T Frudge & Geo J Frudge D Gov^r
Mr Brooke W Brooke
R. Hoptins R. Hopkins
G. Skinner T. Skinner
G. Roberts G. Roberts
R. Michel R. Michel
T. Hamnbury J. Hanbury
T. Savill T. Savill
E Becher E Becher
R. Wood R. Wood
W Bowles W Bowles
H. Ashton H. Ashton
P. Burrell P. Burrell
Mc Raper Mc Raper
J Gd Tillieur J G de Tillieus
S. Sitt S. Pitt
S. Jones S. Jones
B. Letticullier B. Letticullier