Ship Royal George under its protection, if the Supra Cargoes should
desire it 29th of ditto Month, concerning the Cev. We expected for desire it 29th of ditto Month, concerning the Ceda. We expected for
allowing 4 ms for the Negroes to be in Jamaica, Tow I am un allowing 4 mos. for the Negroes to be in Jamaica, To wch I am now
to add that it being now come out I send it you inclosed to be forward to add that it being now come out I send it you inclosed to be forwarded
to the Carthaguia Factory where this Difficulty arose, I donthid to the Carthagena Factory where this Difficulty arose, I dont hear of 
any Obstruction of this Nature at ay of the other Factory, of any any Obstruction of this Nature at ay of the other Factorys, if any
should arise the like remedy must be applied. Inclosed I said send you
by Directions of the Sub Govr Orders from the Lords of the Admiralty
to the Comrs in Chicf of his Majts Ships at Jamaica for the Seene to the Comrdr  in Chief of his Majtys Ships at Jamaica for the Security
of the Annual Ship Prince Frederick gone for Latera Cru: A of the Annual Ship Prince Frederick gone for La Vera Cruz: A
Duplicate of wch will be sent from their Lordps Office You will
transmit to ye Supra Cargos of the said Ship a Copy of the Order that the
may come to such Resolution with regard to the making Usethered may come to such Resolution with regard to the making Use thereof
in not, as they see most proper. Inclosed is also Invoye, Bill of or not, as they see most proper. Inclosed is also Invoyces, Bill of
Lading & particulars of Medecines & Stationary Wares Shipd by the Comp
on board the Ship Loyal Betty, Capt. Wase, to be forwarded to the Lacton on board the Ship Loyal Betty, Capt. Wane, to be forwarded to the Factory
at Havanca, wch you will take Case of The Tasby Capt Warden from at Havana, wch you will take Case of The Fasby Capt Warden from
the Havana & the Francis Capt. Bryant have been arrived fome stim a the Havana & the Francis Capt. Bryant have been arrived sometime at
Portsmouth; but the Russel Capt. Eyres Wefeas is lost, not having heard Portsmouth; but the Russel Capt. Eyres We fear is lost, not having heard
one Syllable of her, tho she left the Havanas before the Fasly Hothin one Syllables of her, tho' she left the Havana before the Fasby Nothing
further Occurs at present, but that We have a Report here, as if there further Occurs at present, but that We have a Report here, as if there
had been an Insurection at Lime, that the Sopulace had deposed the had been an Insurrection at Lima, that the Populace had deposed the
Vice Roy & Set up another, And some go so far as to say they offer'd to
make a King independent of Spain, But not hearing any thing ofit make a King independent of Spain, But not hearing any thing of it
from Your selves We give no Crdit to it. I am from Your selves We give no Credit to it. I am
South Sea House
16 Sepr. 1725
Rect own'd 29 June 1726
Gent. Gent.
Yor very hunmble ant Yor very humble Sert
Dalfen D Wescomb