An the for heforing the to aithele nelating t the ethern Another for Enforcing the 40 article, relating to the with drawing
ou Effects in case of a War, upon producing of which wemay behead in our Effects in case of a War, upon producing of which we may be heard in
Equity. Equity.
Thereare other Matters depending at Madied, which may afet There are other Matters depending at Madrid, which may Affect
the Trade at your place, the I ssue of which shall advise you by the first the Trade at your place, the Issue of which shall advise you by the first
Opportunity. We remain Opportunity. We remain
Herewoith We said You Abstract of the Herewith We send You Abstract of the
Charteparty for ye Bristor frigate for Charter party for yr Bristow Frigate for
Yor Government as to the Agretnbet wt her Yor Government as to the Agreement wth her
Owners Owners
London 24 Feb. 1725 London 24 Feb. 1725
List of the Pactict f the Bristorw Gulley List of the Packet P the Bristow Galley
Capt Rent for Buenas Ayre Viz Capt Kent for Buenas Ayre Viz
The Courts Lee o ye Factory dated 24 Feby 1721/5 The Courts Lre to ye Factory dated 24 Feby 1721/5
Copy of the Sedys Lee tod dated 25 Jany 1724/5 Copy of the Secrys Lre to do dated 25 Jany 1724/5
Codula for Admusst of Negroes t Alto Cedula for Admissn of Negroes P Alto
A Silver Mark A Silver Mark
Invoyce and Bill of Lading of Stores for the Factory Invoyce and Bill of Lading of Stores for the Factory
& of Wene Cyter Brandy &c & of Wine Cyder Brandy &c
Do of Materials for setting up the Sloop Molly Do of Materials for setting up the Sloop Molly
Do of an Iron Balcory of the Bristow Galley Do of an Iron Balcony of the Bristow Galley
Abstract of the Charkeparty of Do Abstract of the Charterparty of Do
Mr Whitting lames Certificate of the Sems agreed Mr Whittinghams Certificate of the Terms agreed
on with the Mr of the Molly Sloop on with the Mr of the Molly Sloop
rec ound in their lre rect ownd in their lre
of the 14th Octr 1726 of the 14th Octr 1726
N.B. An Acct of Errors was reed from the N.B. An Acct of Errors was recd from the
Accountants Office & Sent with ye foregoing Accountants Office & Sent with ye foregoing
Lre wc is Enterd pa: 200 Lre wch is Enterd pa: 200
Gentlemen Gentlemen
Your affectionate Friends Your affectionate Friends
the Court of Directors the Court of Directors
John Eyles Sub Govr. John Eyles Sub Gov^r.
John Rudge Dep Gov John Rudge Dep: Gov^r
Gabricl Roberts Gabricl Roberts
Edm: Halsey Edm: Halsey
John Raworth John Raworth
John Hanbury John Hanbury
Henry Cartwright Henry Cartwright
Thomas Savill Thomas Savill
Richard Lewin Richard Lewin
Samuel Jones Samuel Jones
Robt. Newston Robt. Newston
Henry Ashton Henry Ashton
I Girardot de Tillicur I Girardot de Tillicur
Henry Samuel Eyre Henry Samuel Eyre
Wm Brooke Wm Brooke
Benjamin Lothioullier Benjamin Lothioullier
Thomas Ayles Thomas Ayles
Thomas Skinner Thomas Skinner
Robt. Michel Robt. Michel