lis Salary the Beaese yor pad him 4o & infull o Anas 1723 asfr his Salary We Observe You paid him 45 & infull to Anas[?] 1723 as & yo^r
Acct Currt Dated Janly 25: 1723 You will therefore send us his Acct S Acc^t Curr^t Dated Jan^ry 25: 1723 You will therefore send us his Acc^t Stated
during this tim to the time of his Decease during this time to the time of his Decease.
We observe You had had a Meting with Mr Bermiday & We observe You had had a Meeting with Mr Bermudas, &
the other person upon the Business of theillicit Introductions of Regursen the other person upon the Business of this illicit Introductions of Negroes in 
Peru, & the malicions Representations from those part, But whetherthe set Peru, & the malicious Representations from those parts, But whether the Cedas
of Indulto You procured on this Occasion will be of any Use, We cannot tell of Indulto You procured on this Occasion, will be of any Use, We cannot tell
By our Remarks Youil oberve tos sofar from being New that tis a lendien By our Remarks You'l observe tis so far from being New, that tis a limitation
of what We had before, this Cod extending only to what have been intreduced of what We had before, this Ceda extending only to what have been introduced
Since 1 May 1713. Whereas We had before a Genl Cod that extended to all Since 1 May 1713. Whereas We had before a Genl Ceda that extended to all
before that time, the Design of wch was, as We have often acquainted you ps take before that time, the Design of wch was, as We have often acquainted You, to take
off the usual pretences when We made Seisures, that the Neg were intrduand off the usual pretences when We made Seizures, that the Negs were introduced
before our Assicents took place, However We shall transimit this C. Sabe before our Assiento took place; However We shall transmit this Ceda. Such as
prs, to our Vactors, who We believe will be surprised at it, when they had prad tis, to our Factors, who We believe will be surprized at it, when they had so much
a botter oue before. We were in hopes it would have taken notice of the vislent a better one before. We were in hopes it would have taken notice of the violent
Rescies of the Reg. our people had sered in those part, which was a rimigt Rescues of the Negs. our People had seized in those parts, which was a principal
part of the Complaint that person was to have made on our behalf, but the part of the Complaint that person was to have made on our behalf, but the
find his altogether selent on that point, And wefund by Experience that he e find 'tis altogether silent on that point, And we find by Experience that the best
& clearest Cod. have been broke thre, & the Agresrs never been pusuished, a & clearest Cedas. have been broke thro', & the Agressors never been punished, or
Satisfactin made to the Comps. And unlessome Clause be indiuted in tre Satisfaction made to the Compa. And unless some Clauses be inserted in Cedulas,
the Spaniards Breach or Groundless Constructions; We can never expectany to prevent the Spaniards Breach, or Groundless Constructions; We can never expect any
Benefit from em, be they ever so Speciously worded Benefit from 'em, be they ever so Speciously worded
We have read the Inquisitions faper you Sentry bithe We have read the Inquisitions Paper you Sent us, but do 
not be hee it affect ether the Nation or the Comps. as You Sugget it bing nty not see how it affect either that Nation, as the Comp^s. as You Suggest, it being only
prohibition of Some books, they call heretical prohibition of Some books, they call heretical
Mo We