South Seahouse South Sea house
London 28 March 1726 London 28 March 1726.
Messrs Rugby & Praters Messrs Rigby & Pratter
Gentlemen Gentlemen
The South Sealompany having taken up The South Sea Company having taken up
and Ireighted the ship Beckford Capt Anthony Withes fora and Freighted the Ship Beckford Capt Anthony Wilkes for a
Voyage to Whidah in Africa to take in 600 negroes to be delivered Voyage to Whidah in Africa to take in 600 negroes to be delivered
at Port Royal in Samaica, Inclosed Isend you abstract of suid at Port Royal in Jamaica, Inclosed I send you abstract of said
shipp Charterparty for yor Government. Ium ships Charterparty for yor Government. I am
Gent. Gent.
Yor Most humble Servt Yor Most humble Servt
Divescomb D. Wescomb
South Sea house South Sea house
London 21 April 1726 London 21. April 1726.
Francis Stratford Eqr. Francis Stratford Eqr.
bry Sir
I am ordered by the Court of Directors to send I am ordered by the Court of Directors to send
you the inclosed copy of their Answer which they this day gave to you the inclosed copy of their Answer which they this day gave to
the Chev Cons request for further payments of the appointments the Chev Con's request for further payments of the appointments
on the Company for yor Government. That when you hear any on the Company. for yo^r Government. That when you hear any
mention of the Determination thereby made. You may make the mention of the Determination thereby made. you may make the
bestuse thereof that you can for the Companys Service, And best use thereof that you can for the Companys Service, And
to acquaint you that you may soon expect to have an Answer to acquaint you that you may soon expect to have an Answer
from the Court of Directors to yor Letters I am from the Court of Directors to yo^r Letters. I am
Yor Most humble Servt Yo^r Most humble Serv^t
The answerments in yhe foregoing The answe rments in the foregoing
Lre is ent in the Home Lte book Tre is ent in the Home The book
DWescomb D Wescomb
pd 169 p. 169