of the late Fartor, and als gire You a Night Audgment of the of the late Factors, and also give You a Right Judgment of the
preomissary Netes of Spurhiants which you adowd Us formerly Promissary Notes of Spaniards which You Advis'd Us formerly
very come into Your hounds, But are Conternd to hear by a very come into Your hands; But are Concernd to hear by a
Subsigquent Letter Oated in Septr 1724 You were stills at a lop Subsequent Letter dated in Sept.^r 1724: You were stills at a Loss
for Senral Books and Accounts, to inable you to settle therg for Several Books and Accounts, to inable You to Settle those
Rexentency. But as Mr Carke has been with you at terafury dependencys; But as M.^r Carke has been with You at [Nora Couzo/Vora Couzo]
We hage he has given you the Necessary light and Informaton We hope he has given You the Necessary lights and Informations
for that purpose, Upon looking over the Books of Account which for that purpose; Upon looking over the Books of Account which
fenoy been Sent Us Nony appear from the Letter End of the yun have been Sent Us None appear from the Latter End of the Year
1717 to the rustablishment of thy Factory Anns 1722 1717. to the reestablishment of the Factory Anno 1722.
We have Received the Accounts dud paper you We have Received the Accounts and Papers You Sent
te relating to Mr. Clarks Negotiations, which upon his Aerinat Us relating to M.^r Clark's Negotiations, which upon his Arrival
here, where he is fom Expected, will be Examind, and Note what here, where he is Soon Expected, will be Examin'd, and Note what
has been writ in Relation thereto, and Pticularly by Mr. Jo has been writ in Relation thereto, and Pticularly by M.^r Pitt
in his of the 15 Augt. Last to which the shall have recoure upon in his of the 15 Aug^t Last to which We shall have recourse upon
Pecasion Occasion. -
We Cberey that in the Boks from Your selos whith We Observe that in the Books from Yourselves, which
are Carriet up to Medsun 1724, You have opcent an Account of are Carried up to Midsummd 1724, You have Opend^[?] an Account of
Effects Resfored of the Reprisalia, which is Contrary to Our Intention Effects Restored of the Reprisalia, which is Contrary to Our Intention
of keeping them seperately and not mixing them with Our other of keeping them Seperately and not mixing them with Our other-
Affair Affairs. -
We received the Accounts you sent us of the We Received the Accounts You Sent Us of the. -
Regrinler in trafony and Merco And the Auto netating heate Reprisalia in Vera Criez and Mexico, And the Auto relating thereto
Andobere you had deford making the General demand frm the And observe You had deferrd making the General demand from the
Kory Royal