or in such other Manner as Youjudge bet for the Comps. Interestadering or in such other Manner as You judge best for the Comps. Interest ,advising
the Success, as also in what Condition you found the Goods the Success, as also in what Condition you found the Goods
Inclosed is also a Copy of this Ships Charterparty for Your Inclosed is also a Copy of this Ships Charterparty for Your
Government Government
The other shiy mentiond in my last to be expected from The other ship mentiond in my last to be expected from
Havana, I am of Opinion is lost, she being still missing I am Havana, I am of Opinion is lost, she being still missing. I am
Genl. Gent.
Yor most hund Ser Yor most humb Servt
DeNescomb Sedy D. Wescomb Secry
As the Accot of the Ships Voyage As the Accot of the Ships Voyage
is to be made up in London You is to be made up in London You
will return the Copy of the Chartec- will return the Copy of the Charter-
party when You have done with it. party when You have done with it.
D. W. D. W.
Sapt. Bryant Capt. Bryant
The Comps having determend that You should proced with The Comps having determend that You should proceed with
Your Ship the Francis, & its Cargo for Hamburgh, I am by their Order Your Ship the Francis, & its Cargo for Hamburgh, I am by their Order
to direct You on Receipt hereof forthwith to repair on board, & make to direct You,o n Receipt hereof forthwith to repair on board, & make
the best of Your Way thither; wherebeing arrived You are to apply the best of Your Way thither; wherebeing arrived, You are to apply
Your self to Messrs Halsey & Cressner, & deliver them the Inclosed Your self to Messrs Halsey & Cressner, & deliver them the Inclosed
Letter, containing the Comps. orders for taking the Cargo on Shore, Letter, containing the Comps. orders for taking the Cargo on Shore,
Disposal thereof You are therefore to deliver the same accordingly, Disposal thereof, You are therefore to deliver the same accordingly,
aking their Receipts one of which you are to trausmit to the Comp. aking their Receipts one of which you are to transmit to the Comps.
Iwish You a good Voyage t am I wish You a good Voyage  &am
Sr
Yor mnost humble Servt Yor most humble Servt
D Wescomt seely D Wescomb secry
South Hause sea South sea House
London 17. Aug. 1725 London 17. Aug^t. 1725