Indemnity, and We hope You will meet with no Difficulty in angageng Indemnity, and We hope You will meet with no Difficulty in ingaging
the Spaie Officers to Comply ofeing they are ustified therein by ye afred 40 Art the Spanish Officers to Comply seing they are justified therein by y^e aforded 40 Arts 
Should any Embargo happen (which will Cause a Should any Embargo happen (which will Cause a
Suspension of the Asst. You are to observe that all Salarys to Judges Suspension of the Asst. You are to observe that all Salarys to Judges
Conservators & other Officers are to cease, So that you must avoid paying Conservators & other Officers are to cease, So that you must avoid paying
any unless they are particularly serviceable in wch Cases you are to any unless they are particularly serviceable in w^ch Cases you are to
consult with the Supra Cargoes, there being reason to think that as the consult with the Supra Cargoes, there being reason to think that as the
Concerns under them are more Considerable they may require more of Concerns under them are more Considerable they may require more of
their Assistance & particularly of their Judge Conservator their Assistance & particularly of their Judge Conservator
As his Majty has lately Sent a Squadion of his Stiyd As his Maj^ty has lately Sent a Squadron of his Ships
to the West Indies, tis probable some of them may appear off some of to the West Indies, tis probable some of them may appear off some of
the Spanish sorts wher the Comp has Effects wch may be of Use in the Spanish sorts wher the Comp^a has Effects w^ch may be of Use in
Countenancing our Affairs, and may possibly have so good an Effect Countenancing our Affairs, and may possibly have so good an Effect
as to intumidate the Spaniards from hundering you the withdrawing as to intumidate the Spaniards from hundering you the withdrawing
our Effects, & perhaps oblige them to make Satisfaction for what Debt our Effects, & perhaps oblige them to make Satisfaction for what Debt
We have outstanding with You, You will consider well & make the best We have outstanding with You, You will consider well & make the best
Use You can of So favourable an Opportunity for our greatest Interest Use You can of So favourable an Opportunity for our greatest Interest
We have writt by this Conveyance to our Supera Cardoes We have writt by this Conveyance to our Supera Cardoes
whose further Advice for our Comon Interest You will concert & pursue, whose further Advice for our Comon Interest You will concert & pursue,
and We hope by your prudent Management on this Occasion, You and We hope by your prudent Management on this Occasion, You
will convince us of Your Care & Industry which will be the most will convince us of Your Care & Industry which will be the most
Effectual Inducement to continue you in our favour & to remain Effectual Inducement to continue you in our favour & to remain
Yr affectionate Pruends Yo^r affectionate Friends 
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
W Steath W Steath
John Cyled Sub God John Cyled Sub God
J Gde Sillieur J Gde Sillieur
Jns Rudge D Gov Jns Judge D Govs
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
G. Roberts G. Roberts
S. Jones S. Jones
M Michlethwaitd M Michlethwaitd
H. Ashton H. Ashton
P.Ayles P.Ayles
R Newton R Newton
Ht Carthought H Carthoright
R. Hophins R. Hophins
W Brooke W Brooke
D. Burrell D. Burrell
E. Becher E. Becher
R Lewin R Lewin
J. Raworth J. Raworth