in the other hand, the apprehended there wnd a Commission bus to said don on the other hand, he apprehended there was a Commission due to said don
Gill in these Goods, buides Charges, as aloso to Fransoin, and we are Gill on those Goods, besides Charges, as also so to Fransuina, and we are
Asseed the Royal Officer, who sold them have Charged a Commission Assured the Royal Officers, who sold them have Charged a Commission
of that here are there Commitsions on On parcel of Gods, And So that here are Three Commissions on One Parcel of Goods, And
upon reading a sulsequent Letter of Mr. Pitts of the 5th. June 124 upon reading a subsequent Letter of M.^r Pitts of the 5.^th June 1724 -
the ford that dr Gill Retualy Clorged is comission of £246 We find that d.^r Gill. Actualy Charged is commission of 2 1/2 PL.
in the Calenlated talue of these Goods at the Time they were delived on the Calculated value of these Goods at the Time they were deliverd
re into Fnsmuns hand, which an more than they rgpard [over] into Fransuina's hands, which was more than they appeard
afterwards to be fold for by the Royal Officers by near 2000 of afterwards to be sold for by the Royal Officers by near 20,000 Pl 
notwithstanding which upon an Arbitration he had his full notwithstanding which upon an Arbitration he had his full
dmand and Mr. Fitt bentis ty that being of Gunin be durd demand, and M^r. Pitt writes us, that being of Opinion he deserv'd
its and Mr Clark and Mr More making no Materal Objection its and M.^r Clark and M.^r Moor making no Materal Objection
be had paid d Gill the Money ancerded. As Dr. Gill did not sell- he had paid d.^r Gill the Money awarded: As d.^r Gill did not sell-
The Gods, and Cas Mr Clark Assund us he heade great Opposition to the Goods, and (as M.^r Clark Assur'd us) he made great Opposition to
the Aebiaring them uyp. To which play to probably the Eamage night the delivering them up. To which delay, its probable the demage might
in Great measure be Owing, One would havy thought a Commission in Great measure be Owning, One would have thought a Commission
on what the Gods Actually Sold for had been Sufficient and more. on what the Goods Actually Sold for had been Sufficient and more.
was unreasonable: the hope however Cary has been taken, that loy be was unreasonable: We hope however Care has been taken, that we be
not liably to pay the other Two Commissions for we think One enough, not liable to pay the other Two Commissions for we think One enough,
which ight have been dinded among all the partys in proportion which might have been divided among all the partys in proportion
to the trombly each had, Andwre woe ary on this head, tor cannot but to the trouble each had; And now we are on this head, we cannot but
be Concernd to find by your letter that instead of the Frctors leling be Concernd to find by your letter that instead of the Factors Selling
the Gods themselves, they Intriated Great Quantitys with the Goods themselves, they Intrusted Great Quantitys with
Spanard Spaniards.