Sr Sr
London July th 1710. London July 12th 1725
Irecived by the Htands of Your servant the Letter You I recieved by the Hands of Your servant the Letter You
were so good as to write me the 3d. Jnst with the packet from Mr were so good as to write me the 3^d. Just with the packet from M^r.
Stratford for the South Sea Company in whose Name I am to return Stratford for the South Sea Company in whose Name I am to return
You thanks for the Care You took thereof as well as for the Mauner You thanks for the Care You took thereof as well as for the Manner
in wch you were pleased to forward it for the greater Security in w^ch you were pleased to forward it for the greater Security, I
presunmce Mr Kandal who brought these Dispatches from Madred presume Mr Randal who brought these Dispatches from Madred
& went to Hanover, might carry some for his Exq. Mr Stanhope, & went to Hanover, might carry some for his Exq. M^r Stanhope,
Mr Strafford having in some Subsequent Letters lately received by M^r Strafford having in some Subsequent Letters lately received by
thes Company referrd to what had been so writ relating to the Comps the Company referrd to what had been so writ [write] relating to the Comps.
Affairs, however if there had been any thing Material I am Affairs, however if there had been any thing Material I am
assured it would have been transmitted hither. P understand his assured it would have been transmitted hither. I understand his
Exq detains a Couricer in Expectation of a Codula in favour of the Exq detains a Courier in Expectation of a Codula in favour of the
Comrp. Trade to be dispatched away the moment its obtaind, it being Comp. Trade to be dispatched away the moment its obtaind, it being
of great Importance. I have nothing further to add but to lay of great Importance. I have nothing further to add but to lay
my self open to Your Comands, being with Truth & Sincerty my self open to Your Comands, being with Truth & Sincerity
To Sr
Yor mos faithfull & Y^r most faithfull &
Obedient Servant Obedient Servant
D Mascomb D. Wescomb