You said Letters are refard to the Comrs. of Correspondence You said Letters are referred to the Comce of Correspondence
In the enterimg, I hope Mr Stratford will meet with Success in his Applo In the interim, I hope Mr Stratford will meet with Success in his Appli-
cations to be releived from the Duty of Millon imposed by Your Govr cations to be releived from the Duty of Millon improsed by Your Govr
on the Comparnys Sugars. on the Company's Sugars.
I am with Esteem I am with Esteem
Gent. Gents.
W.S. W.S.
South Lleahense South Sea houses
London 7 July 1726 London 7 July 1726
Messrs Halsey & Cressner
Gentlemen Gentlemen
The smaff bo ot home in the ship Devonshir from The snuff brot home in the ship Devonship from
Havand, having been admitted to an Entry invertue of an Act of the last Havana, having been admitted to an Entry invertue of an Act of the last
Session of Parliament. The Court of Directors have determin'd to Consign Session of Parliament. The Court of Directors have determin'd to Consign
her to your House with the Remainder of her largo, consisting of sugar. her to your House with the Remainder of her Cargo, consisting of Sugar.
leaf Tobauco and Logwood, so this will be deliver'd you by Eapt Stoneham leaf Tobauco and Logwood, so this will be deliver'd you by Capt! Stoneham
and by the next post will be sent you An Accot of the quantity Marks and and by the next post will be sent you An Acco^t. of the quantity Marks and
numbers of each specie. numbers of each species.
You will on said ships arrival Take the Gods ashore and assert them You will on said ships arrival Take the Goods ashore and assert them
property, proceding to the sale thereof as you shall judge may be most for property, proceding to the sale thereof as you shall judge may be most for
the Companys advantage, Advising your success, and Remitting the produce the Companys advantage, Advising your success, and Remitting the produce
to the Companys Cashire. to the Companys Cashire.
Iam &c I am &c
WS W:S
July 1726. July 1726.
Messrs Halsey & Cressner
Gentlemen Gentlemen
Iadvid you last post that the Court of Directors I advisd you last post that the Court of Directors
had Consign'd the ship Devonshire with heaf to bauo sugar & Logwood to had consign'd the ship Devonshvies with leaf Tobacco, sugar & Logwood to
your house, and that I had given lapt sto nehain his orders to procede for your house, and that I had given lapt sto nehain his orders to procede for
your place accordingly? I also acquainted you Iwoud send you an accot ofy your place accordingly? I also acquainted you I wou'd send you an accot of ye
Quantity Marks and numbers of each specie, the which you have here Quantity Marks and numbers of each species, the which you have here
Enclosed from Enclos'd from
1 WS
5 July 1726 5 July 1726