have directed our Factory to advise & Consult with you on all have directed our Factory to advise & Consult with you on all
Occasions they may have to write for Negroes, or to make Returns Occasions they may have to write for Negroes, or to make Returns
to Jamarca, upon which you will accomodate the same as You to Jamaica, upon which you will accomodate the same as You
Se bet for our Service. See best for our Service.
40 Herewith you will receive his C. Mr. Coailafor 40 Herewith you will receive his C. Mr. Cedula for 
the Dispatch of the Prence Frederick, & Admission of her at the the Dispatch of the Prince Frederick, & Admission of her at the
last of Vera Cruz. It bears Date the 3rd Decr 1724 and expressly
provides that this is the ship which Corresponds with that Year; provides that this is the ship which Corresponds with that Year;
So We cannot foresee any Difficulty about her Admission at the So We cannot foresee any Difficulty about her Admission at the
port, thoshe did not actually proceed in that year. The Cedula is port, tho she did not actually proceed in that year. The Cedula is
not So clearly worded as it might have been, the latter part restraining not So clearly worded as it might have been, the latter part restraining
us to the Conditions of the Consertion of the Year 1716 which us to the Conditions of the Convention of the Year 1716 which
may possibly be So Contrued as to make it doubtfull whither the may possibly be So Continued as to make it doubtfull whether we
can send out our Ships before all the Month of June be Expires can send our  Ships before all the Month of June be Expired
of the Flota should not depart fooner from Cadir, tho Hounderstands if the Flota should not depart sooner from Cadiz. tho understand
by that Restraint in that Cedula, no more than the Condition of by that Restraint in that Cedula, no more than the Condition of
waiting in port 4 Months for the Flotas Arrival, and that it waiting in port 4 Months for the Flota's Arrival, and that it
gives an Absolute Liberty for our dispatching her, and for her gives an Absolute Liberty for our dispatching her, and for her
Admission whenever she arrives; and in this sence the last Ce Admission whenever she arrives; and in this sense the last Ced.^a
for the Royal Priunce (which hed the like restraining Words was for the Royal Prince (which had the like restraining Words) was
taken by the Spainards, no Doubt or Difficulty having been taken by the Spainards, no Doubt or Difficulty having been
started, but the Ship was immediately admitted on Arrival:
There is another Circumstance which further clears up this There is another Circumstances which further clears up this
Point, which is, the Cedula You will receive herewith in Point, which is, the Cedula You will receive herewith in
favour of Your Selves; It is dated in April this present favour of Your Selves; It is dated in April this present
Year Year