lafuide tad Letter. La Compagive aforesaid Lams to be contending fo lafuide tad Letter. La Compagive aforesaid Lams to be contending fo
espere gue V Exr Vondra been le The Comps hope yor Exqy. willew espere gue V Exr Vondra been le The Comps hope yor Exqy. willew
pardonner, sils font parsite du Me them, when they express then pardonner, sils font parsite du Me them, when they express then
contentement pour untel Practement, Uneasiness at Such Treatment contentement pour untel Practement, Uneasiness at Such Treatment
et quon ne sattendia pas quils acqui. And that it will not be expected the et quon ne sattendia pas quils acqui. And that it will not be expected the
escent a ces Resolutions, a lesclu: they should acquiesee in these Deps=足 escent a ces Resolutions, a lesclu: they should acquiesee in these Deps=足
足=sion de tout autre Secours. La Comp minations exclusive of furthertedup 足=sion de tout autre Secours. La Comp minations exclusive of furthertedup
Supplie & Exr de Vouldir bien re They intreat yr Exqy. will be so gove Supplie & Exr de Vouldir bien re They intreat yr Exqy. will be so gove
noweller vor soms a la Courd Espa. as to renew Your Endeavours afthe noweller vor soms a la Courd Espa. as to renew Your Endeavours afthe
que, afin que les Sollicitations de - Court of Spain, that Mr Stankepu que, afin que les Sollicitations de - Court of Spain, that Mr Stankepu
Mr. Stauhope agent du succes, & clle further Applications may be Eendear Mr. Stauhope agent du succes, & clle further Applications may be Eendear
seflate que quand Sr. M.C. Sera- more effectual & they trust that his seflate que quand Sr. M.C. Sera- more effectual & they trust that his
pleinement convaincive des pretensions C.M. when rightly apprised of the pleinement convaincive des pretensions C.M. when rightly apprised of the
dela Comp que du Morus ellejugeras Comp. Pretensions, will at leas thin dela Comp que du Morus ellejugeras Comp. Pretensions, will at leas thin
juste & raisonnable, quiles ferules it just & reasonable that the Cdulas juste & raisonnable, quiles ferules it just & reasonable that the Cdulas
quon a autrefris obtenu pour P Expli= wt were formerly from Time to time- quon a autrefris obtenu pour P Expli= wt were formerly from Time to time-
cation des Tracte, touchant quelques- obtains for explaining the Treaty an cation des Tracte, touchant quelques- obtains for explaining the Treaty an
Expressions qui reudent le sens donteur, to some Expressions which the serr Expressions qui reudent le sens donteur, to some Expressions which the serr
& gue assugetit la Comps our Interpre- doubtfull & subject the Company to & gue assugetit la Comps our Interpre- doubtfull & subject the Company to
tations Arbitraires des Officiers Es. the Arbitrary constructions of the tations Arbitraires des Officiers Es. the Arbitrary constructions of the
pagnols dans les Inders, ne Sorent pasre Spanish Officers in the Judies, shonld pagnols dans les Inders, ne Sorent pasre Spanish Officers in the Judies, shonld
yettes, mais plustt qualles Serent Confi not be Set aside, but be Confirmd, and yettes, mais plustt qualles Serent Confi not be Set aside, but be Confirmd, and
inces & ques MC ne voudrapas re that his C.M. will not reade inces & ques MC ne voudrapas re that his C.M. will not reade
tracter toutes ls bonnes Raisons, dont from the many Good Reasons he tracter toutes ls bonnes Raisons, dont from the many Good Reasons he
il sist Servidans ces Cedules, et quela himself has expressed in those veary il sist Servidans ces Cedules, et quela himself has expressed in those veary
Comps. poura joun detoutes les Concessions Cd And that the Comps shall do Comps. poura joun detoutes les Concessions Cd And that the Comps shall do
Hles Privileges quiontake acordenance preserd in the rejoyment of al oncg Hles Privileges quiontake acordenance preserd in the rejoyment of al oncg
Assentistes preedens, a guvy be Comps. a & Advantuges grauted to former Agsul Assentistes preedens, a guvy be Comps. a & Advantuges grauted to former Agsul
divit en verte des 39 & 42 Arts dupre & wtd by Virtue of the 39h 42 Arl of divit en verte des 39 & 42 Arts dupre & wtd by Virtue of the 39h 42 Arl of
sent Assients, A daus Cesperance gue the present Aps. the Comps are intite to sent Assients, A daus Cesperance gue the present Aps. the Comps are intite to
les Ministres Espagunols vondrent bim And in hopes the Sparish Minister a les Ministres Espagunols vondrent bim And in hopes the Sparish Minister a
considered do Noweautouses ces choses, reconsider these Thing s the net o considered do Noweautouses ces choses, reconsider these Thing s the net o
la fra de Directuurs aresole do resoquer Directors heae deterkines to beate la fra de Directuurs aresole do resoquer Directors heae deterkines to beate