To Mr Gleson Dabell the Poyal fane To Mr. Gibson Dalzell the Royal Asiento 
Companys Factor at St Jaso de Cubar Company's Factor at St Jago de Cuba
South SeaBouse London South Sea House London
28 April 1726 28 April 1726
M. Dabyell Mr. Dalzell
We haveduly received all pr. Leters up to the 19 Aug We have duly received all yr. Letters up to the 19th Aug
last wth We shall Auswer as We have opportunity last wch We shall Answer as We have opportunity
The occasion of our present Writing is to inform you The occasion of our present Writing is to inform you
That the Affairs of Europe Seemn to be at a Crisis, and a little time will That the Affairs of Europe Seemn to be at a Crisis, and a little time will
probably declare for has or a Sealed peace, A Congress having been setton probably declare for has or a Sealed peace, A Congress having been sett on
Got at Cambray for determuiring the Differences between the Enpemane Foot at Cambray for determining  the Differences between the Europes
the Kring of Spain, as well as some other Interests wch were left undetere the King of Spain, as well as some other Interests wch were left undetere
by the Treaty of Uhecht, and at the late Peace with Spain. His Cm by the Treaty of Uhecht, and at the late Peace with Spain. His Cm
ouring the Tume of S. Congress, & without participating his Intentions during the Time of S. Congress, & without participating his Intentions
o thes other Powers, crterd into an Alliance with the Empeia, ws bing to thes other Powers, cater'd into an Alliance with the Emperor, ws being
Since made publick it appears, that by a Treaty of Comerce the Linpuin Since made publick it appears, that by a Treaty of Comerce the Linpuin
has the Grant of Trade to Old & New Spain & the Spanish Mest Indes has the Grant of Trade to Old & New Spain & the Spanish West Indies
with equal & greater priviledges than England, Holland, France a any with equal & greater priviledges than England, Holland, France or any
other Nations eejony by former Treatys Whereupon his Masy ot other Nations enjoy by former Treatys.  Whereupon his Masy ot
of his great Care & Concern for the Welfare of his Subjects and for ther of his great Care & Concern for the Welfare of his Subjects and for other
great & good purposes has enterd into an Alliance with the Crowns great & good purposes has enterd into an Alliance with the Crowns
of France, & Lrussia, To which the King of Sardinca the State G of France, & Lrussia, To which the King of Sardinca the State G
& several other flowerfull princes & States have already acceeded & other & several other flowerfull princes & States have already acceeded & other
are on the point of coming in This added to the Unaniunity of oue are on the point of coming in This added to the Unaniunity of one
Parliament in Strengthening his May. Bands against all inesaet Parliament in Strengthening his May. Bands against all inesaet
ments & Insults, We doubt not will be attended wt great & good Con ments & Insults, We doubt not will be attended wt great & good Con
Sequenced Sequenced