In Case of the Decease of Mr Patton In Case of the Decease of Mr Patton
Mr Loch to Contine st Lege Ca Mr Loch to Contine st Lege Ca
Mr Bowles & Capt. Williams Mr Bowles & Capt. Williams
Mr Shippen tofucced as 2 Mr Shippen tofucced as 2
In Case of the Decease of Mr Sippen In Case of the Decease of Mr Sippen
Mr Lock to Continue t Supra Cange Mr Lock to Continue t Supra Cange
Mr Bowles & Capt. Williams Mr Bowles & Capt. Williams
Mr Patton Mr Patton
In Case of the Decease of Mr Lock Mc In Case of the Decease of Mr Lock Mc
The whole Affair of the Supea Cange The whole Affair of the Supea Cange
Patton, Mr Skippen & Mr Bowles Patton, Mr Skippen & Mr Bowles
Ship is then to be in Capt. Williaters Ship is then to be in Capt. Williaters
In Case of the Decease of Mr Lock Mc In Case of the Decease of Mr Lock Mc
The wholef frie of ye Supra Cargo The wholef frie of ye Supra Cargo
Patton Mr Skippen & Capt. Williams) Ship is then to be in Mr Bowles Patton Mr Skippen & Capt. Williams) Ship is then to be in Mr Bowles
In Case of the Decease of Mr Lock Mc In Case of the Decease of Mr Lock Mc
The whoae Afer fye Lupra Cagosthe The whoae Afer fye Lupra Cagosthe
Patton, Mr Bowles & Capt. Williams) Patton, Mr Bowles & Capt. Williams)
is then to be in Mr Skippele is then to be in Mr Skippele
In Case of the Decease of Mr Lock Mr The whole Affair of the Supra Cargo In Case of the Decease of Mr Lock Mr The whole Affair of the Supra Cargo
Shippen, Mr Bowles & Capt Williams Shippen, Mr Bowles & Capt Williams
Ship is then to be in Mr Patton Ship is then to be in Mr Patton
In Case of the Decease of Mr Catton In Case of the Decease of Mr Catton
The whole Affair of ye Supra Carge The whole Affair of ye Supra Carge
Mr Rippen Mr Bowles & Capt Williams) Ship is then to be in Mr Lock Mr Rippen Mr Bowles & Capt Williams) Ship is then to be in Mr Lock
In Case of the Decease of all the said In Case of the Decease of all the said
The Sale& Disposal of the Cargo The Sale& Disposal of the Cargo
SupraCargon SupraCargon
of the said Stup & making the of the said Stup & making the
Returns for the same is in thas Returns for the same is in thas
Case to be devoled on the Factory Case to be devoled on the Factory
but not as Supra Cargoes. but not as Supra Cargoes.
29 Tho We have carried the provision in Cases of Mortality So 29 Tho We have carried the provision in Cases of Mortality So
far, We hope by Gods Blessing there will be no Cause for its taking far, We hope by Gods Blessing there will be no Cause for its taking
place in any Degre, However as bn the one Band We have directes place in any Degre, However as bn the one Band We have directes
our Factors to be have towards You with Curlity Candows, & Rrespect & our Factors to be have towards You with Curlity Candows, & Rrespect &
to give You all the aid & Assistance they can for promoting the Sale to give You all the aid & Assistance they can for promoting the Sale
of the Goods & procuring the Returns & in whatever else you may of the Goods & procuring the Returns & in whatever else you may
desire of them for our Service; So on the other hand, whether Your desire of them for our Service; So on the other hand, whether Your
Number by Mortality be reduced or no, iIt will be prudent, And Number by Mortality be reduced or no, iIt will be prudent, And
We We