in England by Stress of Weather or other unadordable accident Yo in England by Stress of Weather or other unavoidable accident, You
are to give us an Account thereof, sending us our Leters Bills of are to give us an Account thereof, sending us our Leters Bills of
Lading & Invoyces; And there want our Orders for Your further Lading & Invoyces; And these wait our Orders for Your further
Proceding keeping all Original accounts & papers, till it pleaser Proceding keeping all Original accounts & papers, till it pleases
God You arive in the Port of London God You arrive in the Port of London
The wish you a good Voyage, & remain We wish you a good Voyage, & remain
Yor affectionat a en Yo^r affectionate friends
The Court of Directr The Court of Directors
H. Slyre H. S. Eyre
Ply le Subfert J. Eyles Sub Gov
S. Hudge Depplon J. Rudge Dep Gov
W. Heath W. Heath
London 24 Jun 1725
R. Nlewton R. Newton
H. Ashton H. Ashton
G. Roberts G. Roberts
T. Savill T. Savill
R. Lewin R. Lewin
J Kaworth J Kaworth
R. Mood R. Wood
McRaper M. Raper
S. Jones S. Jones
K. Michell K. Michell
SPitt S. Pitt
S. Hanbury J. Hanbury
T. Burrell P. Burrell
M Brooke W. Brooke
F. Skinner T. Skinner
J. G.d. Tillieur J. G.de Tillieux
N. Michlethwat N. Michlethwaite
H Cartrought H Cartwright
T. Ayles T. Ayles
9 Whereas Sundry Clarges will recessarly ares upon P. S Whereas Sundry Charges will necessarily arises upon
unloading the Ship & Sending the Goods up into the Inland Country wth unloading the Ship & Sending the Goods up into the Inland Countrys w^ch
will require present Money to disburse, You may apply to the Factory for will require present Money to disburse, You may apply to the Factory for
what Money you may have occasion for for those Disbursements they what Money you may have occasion for for those Disbursements they
leaving our Orders for Supplying, which Money You are to repay them as having our Orders for Supplying, which Money You are to repay them as
foom as You are in Cash soon as You are in Cash
D ly J. Eyles 
W. Heath W. Heath
J. Brudge J. Rudge
N Brooke W. Brooke
M Michel P. Ayles R. Michel, T. Ayles
S Burrell P. Burrell
R. Lewin R. Lewin
S. Pitt S. Pitt
N. Michlethwaite N. Michlethwaite
H. Ashton P. Savill H. Ashton,  T. Savill
G. Roberts S. Jones G. Roberts,  S. Jones
D6 List