H. Bomudar Mr. Bermudas
Sir, Sir,
All hopes of an Accomodation of the difference All hopes of an Accomodation of the differences
that have arisen between the Coowns of Great Britain & Spain that have arisen between the Coowns of Great Britain & Spain
[duming]? now to be extinguishd, and consequently all representatives
of the Company Grivances Useless, till a more favourably Dunct of the Company Grivances Useless, till a more favourably [Junct]?
Whe have thereupon recalld Our Agent Mc Stratford and have We have thereupon recalld Our Agent Mr Stratford and have
directed him to pay you your Salary to the Time of the depart directed him to pay you your Salary to the Time of the depart
of his Pritt Maj Ambassadoy from your Court, and as wde ary of his Britt Maj Ambassador from your Court, and as we are
Desirous still of your Attention to Our Affair, You may be Desirous still of your Attention to Our Affair, You may be
assured We shall not be unthankfull for any Services Gon assured We shall not be unthankfull for any Services you
may do us when the Two Nations shall again come to a better may do us when the Two Nations shall again come to a better
understanding which we hope will fron happen: And shall understanding which we hope will fron happen: And shall
be glad of Your Correspondence in Mr Straffords Absence as be glad of Your Correspondence in Mr Stratfords Absence as
Occasions may require, or Opportunity present, We wish You
a great many happy years, being with particular Estrem a great many happy years, being with particular Esteem
Sir, Sir,
South Sea House
Gounr Affectionate Trin Your Affectionate Friend
London 19 Jan^y 1726
Do. Sules J. Eyles
D. Kudge K. Rudge
Mr. Nathaniel Watson
r0 Sir
Having lad your tre tome of the 10. Instant befor the Having laid your [tre]? to me of the 10. Instant before the
Court of Directors, They orderd me to acquaint you they approvd your Court of Directors, They order'd me to acquaint you they approv'd your
promising a Bd to get discoverys of the Arvils which were missing; And thos promising a 3^d to get discoverys of the Arvils which were missing; And then
you write you have been inform'd of they woud have you sell for me most you you write you have been inform'd of they won'd have you sell for the most you
canget thinking it more Eligible so to do can get thinking it more Eligible so to do
You will please to Note that the sort calld stake Anvills of about 39 10t: 1st5 P You will please to Note that the sort calld stake Anvills of about 39 w^t cost  [10t: 1st5 P]?
Thosecalld Bick onn Anvils of 184 wt cost 5 Those call'd Bick Inn Anvils of 184 wt cost 5 1/4
and those calld plain Anvils of 234 wt cost 5 and those call'd plain Anvils of 234 wt cost 5
which I thought proper to mention for your better Government in the disposal of those which I thought proper to mention for your better Government in the disposal of those
I am I am
discover'd discover'd
Sr Your humble servant Sr Your humble servant
28 Jany 1726 28 Jany 1726
WS