require more of their Assistance, and particularly of the Jidge require more of their Assistance, and particularly of the Judge
Comsirator Conservator
As heis Maj y has lately Sent a Squadron of his Ships As his Maj y has lately Sent a Squadron of his Ships
to the West Judies, tis probable some of them May appear off some of to the West Judies, tis probable some of them May appear off some of
the Spanish ports, where the Comp eas Effects, wch may be of Use in the Spanish ports, where the Comp eas Effects, wch may be of Use in
Countenancing our Affairs, & may possibly have so good an Effect as Countenancing our Affairs, & may possibly have so good an Effect as
to intimedate the spariards from hindering you withd rawing our to intimidate the spaniards from hindering you withdrawing our
Effects, & perhaps oblige them to make Satisfaction for what Debts the Effects, & perhaps oblige than to make Satisfaction for what Debts we
have outtanding with you You will Consider will, & make the best have outtanding with you You will Consider will, & make the best
Use You can of So favourable an Opportunity for our greatest Interest Use You can of So favourable an Opportunity for our greatest Interest
We have writt by this Conveyance to our Supera Cargoes We have writt by this Conveyance to our Supera Cargoes
whose further Advice for our Comon Interest You will Concert & pursue whose further Advice for our Comon Interest You will Concert & pursue
And Wehope by yr preident Management on this Occasion you will And We hope by yr prudent Management on this Occasion you will
Convince us of Your Care & Industry, wch will be the most effectual Convince us of Your Care & Industry, wch will be the most effectual
Inducement to Continue you in our favour & to remain Inducement to Continue you in our favour & to remain
Yor affectionate Prends Yor affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
JohnlEyles Sablyon. John Eyles Sub Gov^r.
W Heath W Heath
Jno Jridge DGov Jno Ridge DGov.
J. Gde Selliceur J. Gde Tillieu
J. Kaworth J. Kaworth
R. Newton R. Newton
G. Roberts G. Roberts
Ht Asleton H Ashton 
P. Burrell P. Burrell
N Michlethwaite N Micklethwaite
R. Lewin R. Lewin
T. Ayles T. Ayles
R Michel R Michel
Ht. Cartwright H. Cartwright
P. Shinner T. Shinner
W Brooke W Brooke
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
Rect and of the [Rect and of the ?]
of 23 July 1726 of 23^ d July 1726