oner Effects & pushaps oblige them to make Satisfaction for what Debts our Effects & purhaps oblige them to make Satisfaction for what Debts
We have outstanding, You will therefore Consider well, & make the beat We have outstanding, You will therefore Consider well, & make the best
Use You can of To favourable an Opportunity for our greates Interest Use You can of so favourable an Opportunity for our greatest Interest
Te Note what Mr Bumjooted in his Letter of the 24th We Note what M^r Bumpeted in his Letter of the 24--
June last Seas wrote us concerning Mr Twartz's Recovering the Repry June last Seas wrote us concerning Mr Twartz's Recovering the Repri =
salir Money due from the Royal Coffers at Lima & Panama, and the salia Money due from the Royal Coffers at Lima & Panama, and there 
Debts Oichtanding at Lina; And We should be glad to hear it has ben Debts Outstanding at Lima; And We should be glad to hear it has been
effected even ths he allows as far as to P Cent as Mr Bunjested fero effected even tho' he allows as far as10 P Cent as Mr Bumpested pro =
posed. We have reced a Letter from Mr Swark of the 5 June 1724 posed. We have rece^d a Letter from M^r Swark of the 5 June 1724
Advising us that upon his Arrival at Lima, the Vicening had revotes Advising us that upon his Arrival at Lima, the Vice King had revoked
the Order which forbad the Transporting our Money to Sanama, And the Order which forbad the Transporting our Money to panama, And
that he had Actually Remited thither to the Factory 210,000 pesons & that he had Actually Remited thither to the Factory 210,000 pesons &
hope soon afterwards to send 100,000 peson more and the rest from time hope soon afterwards to send 100,000 peson more and the rest from time
to time by every ship as fast as he could get it in wch he beleeved would to time by every ship as fast as he could get it in w^ch he beleived would
not exced 2 or 3 Months. This He take to be on Accot of private Dobts not exced 2 or 3 Months. This He take to be on Acco^t of private Debts
at Lima, & hope it got safe to the Factory at Panaia, or to yor Bands at Lima, & hope it got safe to the Factory at Panama, or to yo^r Bands
this it does not appear by either Your or their Letents Us, Iudeed that tho' it does not appear by either Your or their Letters to Us; Indeed that
Factory have wrote Us That upon their determining to send M^r Swartz
to Lima, the Debtors had Remitted to them upwards of 120,000 pesos
But We take that to be over & above what M^r Swartz Advises us he had
Shiped, You will therefore make proper Enquiry about this Matter
We remain We remain
Yor affectionate Friends Yo^r affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
Aanes 28. Bl. 726 Answ^d 23^d July 1726
John Eyles Subly John Eyles Subgov^r
G. Skinner F. Skinner
Jno Mudge DGev Jno Mudge DGev
Wr Brooke W. Brooke
E. Recher E.Becker
J. G.de Tillieur I. G.de Tilliens
E. Halvey E. Halvey
M. Lant M. Lant
G. Roberts G. Roberts
R. Newton R. Newton
T. Ayles T. Ayles
R. Lewin R. Lewin
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
H. Michlttwane H. Micklethwaite 
W. Seath W. Heath
H. Ashton H. Ashton
R. Michel R. Michel