Mesrs Stwvens and Franklyn Messrs Stevens and Franklyn
Messrs Messrs
Since my last of the 28 Decem: have reced yours of that Since my last of the 28^th  Decem:^br have reced yours of that
date NS. 1: 8 and 29 January, which last begins viz Since oue  date N:S. 1^st: 8^th and and 29 ^th January, which last begins viz (in other words) Since our 
last of 11 Cunt &c. whereas I have reed none of that date So Suppose last of 11 Curr^t &c. whereas I have need none of that date So Suppose
it a Mistake, I should have answered you sooner, but that I was it a Mistake, I should have answered you sooner, but that I was
Ill of a Feaver, which obligd me to keep my Bed, but thank God Ill of a [Feaver], which oblig'd me to keep my Bed, but thank God
am recoverd. I am sorry there's room for you to be Surpried at the am recover'd. I am sorry there's room for you to be Surpris'd at the
ab^t the first cost of [Snaff & pson Carlos]
price of the Smuff and that you find a difference both in Weight price of the Snuff, and that you find a difference both in Weight
and Price which suppose is owing to the Incorrectness of the and Price which suppose is owing to the Incorrectness of the
Companys Factors at S. Tago I have communicated your Letter Companys Factors at St Jago I have communicated your Letter
to the Gent of the Direction who have intire Confidence in your to the Gent^n of the Direction who have intire Confidence in your
Management the best for the Companys Interest, and Expect the Management the best for the Companys Interest, and Expect the
Account Sales as soon as can be finish'd. As to drawing & Remitting Account Sales as soon as can be finish'd. As to drawing & Remitting
concerning which you have desired Directions, you will do them concerning which you have desired Directions, you will do them
Seperately they being on Two distinct accounts. The Den Carles Seperately they being on Two distinct accounts. The Den Carlos
is safely acrived. I am is safely arrived. I am
Messrs your very humble Servt Mess^rs your very humble, Serv^t
DWescomb D Wescomb
London 28 Jan London 28 Jany
17250 S. 1725 0: S: