Enclosed is our Letter to Mr. Brmindas, which you will deliver him Enclosed is our Letter to Mr. Brmindas, which you will deliver him
with Our Compliments The Import being that you have Our Orders with Our Compliments The Import being, that you have Our Orders
to pay him his Salary to the time of Owr Ambasss departurer to pay him his Salary to the time of Our Ambasss [?] departure
which we do out of respect to him, not withstanding We have put which We do out of respect to him, not withstanding We have put
astap to all other payments; Youll therefory pay him accordingly a stop to all other payments; You'll therefore pay him accordingly,
and as We are desirous still of his Attention to Our Affairs You and as We are desirous still of his Attention to Our Affairs You
may assure him Wde shall not be unthankfull for any services may assure him We shall not be unthankfull for any services
be may dotts, when the two Hations shall again come to a better be may dotts, when the two Hations shall again come to a better
understanding which we earnestly hopy will foo come to pass, understanding, which We earnestly hope will come to pass,
And that We shall be glad of his correspondence in your absince And that We shall be glad of his correspondence in your absence
as occasions may requiry, or opportunitys present. Upon Your as occasions may requiring, or opportunitys present. Upon Your
return here, which We dwere may be as soon as Goucan with return here, which We desire may be as soon as Goucan [?] with
convenience, We shall sittle accounts with you This lde writy convenience, We shall settle Accounts with you. This We Write
by Order of the Court of Directors and ary by Order of the Court of Directors and are
Your Affectionate Friend Your Affectionate Friend
South Sea Slowse South Sea House
. Eyles D. Eyles
London 19 Jany 1726 London 19 Jan. 1726
Dr. Rudge J. Rudgy
Sir, Sir
The Situation of th PPublick Affair being such as in The Situation of th Publick Affairs being such as in
all probability may induce your Excell to leave Madred all probability may induce Your Excell. To leave Madrid
We have by the post recalld Our Agent Mr Stratford, Wde We have by the post recalld Our Agent M^r Stratford; We
therefore intreat Your Excell will be so good as upon his therefore intreat Your Excell. will be so good as upon his
application to grant him your protection, for the Security of application to grant him your protection, for the Security of
himself and the Companys papers, and concerns with him himself, and the Companys papers, and concerns with him.
We wish your Excelld a good Trurney & Safe Arrivaly, being with We wish your Excell. a good Journey & Safe Arrival, being with
Great Esteem & Respect Great Esteem & Respect
Your Excel mnat Obedt & Your Excell and Obed^t &
most humble Servt& most humble Serv^t &
D. Eyles D. Eyles
Do Kudge D. Budge
S. S. House London S. S. House London
Jany 19th 1726 Jan.19th 1726