Sir
In the 4 Feb. last the Court of Directors acquainted On the 4 Feb^y last the Court of Directors acquainted
you of the Difficulties that had been Raisd at Buenas Ayres about the you of the Difficulties that had been Rais'd at Buenas Ayres about the
Companys 150 ton ships, particularly the lendring Capt lone, and the Companys 150 ton ships, particularly the Tendring Capt Lone, and the
John Capt Cearse, because his E Mr Approbation of their going was not John Capt Pearse, because his C.M. Approbation of their going was not
previously obtain'd, and that the Bduenos Ayres Factory had been oblig'd to previously obtain'd, and that the Buenos Ayres Factory had been oblig'd to
give security to the Amount of each ships value, to bring his MMr Approba give security to the Amount of each ships value, to bring his C. M. Approba-
:ton within 2 years _ Autos of which were sent by a Messenger from the tion within 2 years _ Autos of which were sent by a Messenger from the
Secretary of States Office, Receipt whereof you have own'd: And not Secretary of States Office, Receipt whereof you have own'd: And not
finding by any of your letters ever since, that you have advisd, any steps finding by any of your letters ever since, that you have advisd, any steps
taken therein I thought best to remin'd you of it, for the Company will taken therein I thought best to remin'd you of it, for the Company will
very soon send out another store ship for Buinos. Ayres, and will be at very soon send out another store ship for Buenos. Ayres, and will be at
the greatest Dilemma, if she cannot carry those Approbations, and the greatest Dilemma, if she cannot carry those Approbations, and
the necessary orders to prevent the like difficulties upon her Arrival the necessary orders to prevent the like difficulties upon her Arrival
The Condition of whose going you are sensible by the 34. Article, is only The Condition of whose going you are sensible by the 34. Article, is only
That the Company give an Accompt of them and their largoes, to the That the Company give an Accompt of them and their Cargoes, to the
Council of Indies. I beg you will lose no time in this Matter, and assure Council of Indies. I beg you will lose no time in this Matter, and assure
your self that what know write, is out of Regard to you, as well as to the your self that what know write, is out of Regard to you, as well as to the
Companys service. Tho this ship should be Admitted upon giving Companys service. Tho this ship should be Admitted upon giving
fecurity, as was done for the other 2 ships, Yet if the dosnot carry the Security, as was done for the other 2 ships, Yet if she does not carry the
Approbations within a limited time, It's much to be Feard the Spanish Approbations within a limited time, It's much to be Fear'd the Spanish
Officers at Duinos Ayres, will Rigoronsly Levy the Eenalties of the Bonds Officers at Buenos Ayres, will Rigorously Levy the Penalties of the Bonds
I am &c I am &c
D.H D.W
1 Novemr. 1725 1 Novem. 1725