Mess. Rigby & Pratter Messrs. Rigby & Pratter
Gent Gent
The Court of Directors have not wrote you senve the 21t The Court of Directors have not wrote you since the 21st
April which was at large, in answer to all yor then come to havd up to the April which was at large, in answer to all yors then come to hand up to the
16 Jany last They have since receive yos of the 30 of that Month, 4 & 16 Jany last They have since receive yors of the 30 of that Month, 4th &
7 Febry 3d March, 3d 4. 14 24t & 29th April 29 May & 26 June last, 7 Febry,  3rd March, 3d 7th 14th 24th & 29th April, 29th May & 26th June last,
with the several Duplicates papers & Accot And as the Court have not wit with the several Duplicates papers & Accot And as the Court have not writ
You in a considerable time I thought it might be a satisfaction to You You in a considerable time I thought it might be a satisfaction to You
to hear they were duly received, It may also be proper to let You know to hear they were duly received, It may also be proper to let You know
that Sence the Accot the Court Sent You of the ships they had dispatches that Since the Accot the Court Sent You of the ships they had dispatched
for Guinea & Jamaica, they have sent out the following Ships Vizt for Guinea & Jamaica, they have sent out the following Ships Vizt
Negroes Negroes
Th Bellament Capt Bennet for the Wered war The Bellamont Capt Bennet for the Windward
Gold 300 Ceast for & Gold Coast for 300
The 450 Radeliff Capt Lone for Augola for The Radcliff Capt Lone for Angola for 450
The 240 Hope Capt: Stockwell for Gold Coast for The Hope Capt Stockwell for Gold Coast for 240
The 560 Mary Capt Chlapimnan for Whidak for The Mary Capt Chapman for Whidah for 560
The Casar Capt Nayler for Windward & Gold Coast for 250 The Caesar Capt Naylor for Windward & Gold Coast for 250
and others will Soon follow, of which I shall give You Notice I have and others will Soon follow, of which I shall give You Notice I have
also writ you some Letters on the Comps. Acct Vizt. by Dr. Houstoun also writ you some Letters on the Comps. Acct Vizt. by Dr. Houstoun
of the 13th May inclosing Copys of proposals made to the Court on of the 13th May inclosing Copys of proposals made to the Court on
behalf of etrane & Maxwell Surgeris in yor. Island & from Mr. behalf of Messrs Cockrane & Maxwell Surgeons in yor. Island & from Mr.
Henry Barham for taking Care of the Sick Negroes, concening wch You
were to give your opinion, the 22td July p Capt John Cleland inclosing were to give your opinion, the 22th July p Capt John Cleland inclosing
Copy of the County General Instructions to him as Comrs of the Sloop Copy of the Courts General Instructions to him as Comdr of the Sloop
Prince of Ashurias, the 12th of the same Month of the Rose Capt Toll, Prince of Asturias, the 12th of the same Month P the Rose Capt Toll,
ienclosing Orders from the Lords of the Admiatty to the Comrs. in Chusf inclosing Orders from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Comrs. in Chief
of his Majr. Ships Stationd at Jamaica for taking their Annual of his Majtys. Ships Stationd at Jamaica for taking their Annual
Ship Ship