do well to insist on the two points You mention in Yours of the 1 Sepr Er do well to insist on the two points You mention in Yours of the 1 Sepr Viz
That the Bales be not opend, but that we have the same Teatment as the Spaniards
And that the Money be Accounted for here thereby to lessen Our Demands the And that the Money be Accounted for here thereby to lessen Our Demands the
Farmners as you rcouke, not having any pretension thereto thei pesent Egeneng Farmners as you write, not having any pretension thereto their present agreement
with his C. M having particularly provided that they should not receive with his C. M having particularly provided that they should not receive
Alcavalas on the Comps. Aurual Ships; which by the Way is another agan Alcavalas on the Comps. Aurual Ships; which by the Way is another [agan]?
for Exempting us from Alcavalas & plainly shews the Court of Spain thena for Exempting us from Alcavalas & plainly shews the Court of Spain the [na]?
were of that Opinion at the Time of making that Agreement were of that Opinion at the Time of making that Agreement
We observe by yor of the 8 Octr You had red Sone Leter for We observe by yor of the 8 Octr You had rec^d Some Leters from
Our Factorys, and that you intended to write us about them p os next for our Our Factorys, and that you intended to write us about them p y^r next for our
Directions, w^h we are still expecting your last Letter having mentioned nothing
of them of them
The Accot of the first 5 oars of the Neges Frade are notyet frnthe The Accot of the first 5 years of the Negro Trade are not yet finished
when that is done We shall Consider the other part of the Denand for the lite Ae when that is done We shall Consider the other part of the Demand for the like Acct
of the Annual Ships. of the Annual Ships.
We observe now that the late Determination of his CMalet We observe now that the late Determination of his C.M. related
only to particular points of our Demanes, And that you have prepased &t only to some particular points of our Demanss, And that you have prepared so
Articles more to be given in to yr Comist. wt. Comrs was to Subsisttill ta whale Articles more to be given in to yr Comist. w^h. Comrs was to Subsist till the whole
were gove through, So that We hope We shall have em determund better than te were gove through, So that We hope We shall have em determind better than her
last In Ors of the 5t Augt the deseated You to send us the Stad fa ite f last In Ours of the 5th Aug^t We he directed You to send us the Heads (or Titles) of all 
our severall Demands wth had or should be deliverd in that te might e tatefe our severall Demands w^h had or should be deliverd in that the might be satisfied
nothing material hers been Omitted, wth We now repent nothing material hers been Omitted, w^h We now repeat.
Hariy bendered the Libety of Sring he tle nete Having been denied the Libety of Sending the little Imbarcation
to Busnor Ayres, We have taken her to perces, So You may acquaint M to Buenos Ayres, We have taken her to peices, So You may acquaint M^r
Stanhope therewith, that his Excrys may not be put to any further ouble Stanhope therewith, that his Ex^cy may not be put to any further trouble
about goting permission for her going. about getting permission for her going.
We Note what you wonte concerning the Marg. Wontilent We Note what you write concerning the Marg. [Wontilent]?
Apinte Appointm^t