with Shger Smffere. from St. dagode Cuba the Particulars of whinth with Sugar Snuff from St. Jago de de Cuba the Particulars of which
you shall have by the next Port._ You will upon her Arrival take the you shall have by the next Post. You will upon her Arrival take the
Carge into yor Possession and dispose thereof in the best Manner you Cargoe into yor. Possession and dispose thereof in the best Manner you
Remitting the Produce as for the former ship Remitting the Produce as, for the former ship
And that this Stop may not return back to England empty The And that this Stop may not return back to England empty, they
desire you will take this opportunity to put on board her such Sixe Ae desire you will take this opportunity to put on board her such pipe [Ae]?
or other Goods as may remain unship'd of former Orders. And likean or other Goods as may remain unship'd of former Orders. and likewise
any Goods for other People on Ireight; that the sloop may make some any Goods for other People on Freight. that the hoop may make some
Curning for her Voyage back to England. To as not to detainhe Earning for her Voyage back to England, so as not to detain her
Iam Iam
Gent yor Most humble ev Gent yor Most humble sert.
DWescomb teay D Wescomb Secry
South Sea house South Sea house
London 2 Novembe 1725 London 2d Novembe 1725
Messrs Geo. Oiford &6 Messrs Geo. Clifford & Co
Gentlemen Gentlemen
Since My last of the 21t. September 1 Since My last of the 21st. September an
come to hand yos of the 5th October & 6th Inst. The first advising the come to hand your of the 5th October 86th Inst. The first advising the
Prices at which you sold the Sugars, and the Latter desiring to know Prices at which you sold the Sugars, and the Latter desiring to know
how you may remit the Proceed of the whole Cargoe; Both which how you may remit the Proceed of the whole Cargoe; Both which
have been duly Comunicated to the Gentlemen of the Direction have been duly Comunicated to the Gentlemen of the Direction
who notwithstanding the greatnes of the Tare, are well satifut= who notwithstanding the greatness of the Tare, are well satified
of yo Regard to the Company's Interest, by getting the Pries you of yo Regard to the Company's Interest, by getting the Price you
sold at advanced as much as Possible. _ As to the Partieutar sold at advanced as much as Possible. As to the Particutar
You propose to send us of the weights of the whole largoe of the You propose to send us of the weights of the whole Cargoe of the
Tasby, they will be of use here to check against the Account of Tasby, they will be of use here to check against the Account of
weights recd from the Company's Factors at Havena. Shat in weights recd from the Company's Factors at Havana; that in
lase they have been Imposed on, They may be advised thereof late they have been Imposed on, They may be advised thereof
M The