it will vastly swell the sum that is due to us on the other Account it will vastly Swell the Sum that is due to us on the other Account.
We were very Serry We could not oblige Mc Stanhope n We were very Sorry We could not oblige M.^r Stanhope in
the immudiate payment of his Coula, our former Resolution for the immediate Payment of his Cedula; Our former Resolution for
&ton payment of any in the present situation of Affairs being too Non Payment of Any in the present Situation of Affairs, being too
will grounded; Our Inclinations were particularly to have disting= will grounded; Our Inclinations were particularly to have disting=
-quisted his Exq. But te had reason to think it would have been =guish'd his Ex.^cy. But We had reason to think it would have been
deem'd a partial proceeding, and be of ill Consequence to our general deem'd a Partial Proceeding, and be of ill Consequence to our general
affairs at Madred, especially as the had denyed it to the D of Barros Affairs at Madrid, especially as We had denyed it to the D of Banos
and others of the first Nank, We therefore hope his Exsqy will excuse and others of the first Rank; We therefore hope his Ex.^cy. will excuse
it, and when We do begin to make any Pagments, He shall have a it, and when We do begin to make any Payments, We shall have a
particular regard to his Exqs. wt is what the acquainted Mr. Consul particular regard to his Ex.^cys. w.^ch is what We acquainted M.^r Consul
Neene with for his Ex. Information and desired our Sub Gos. also Hecne with, for his Ex.^cys. Information, and desired our Sub Gov:^r also
to write him to write him.
You having formerly wrote us that Dr. Lopes de You having formerly wrote us that Dn Lopes de
Carills the Govr. Elect of Caraccas was on his Departure for his Carills the Gov:^r Elect of Caraccas was on his Departure for his
Government, We shall be glad to hear of his Safe Arrival there, & Government; We shall be glad to hear of his Safe Arrival there, &
lope he will be punctual in the Discharge of his Obligation, upon hope he will be punctual in the Discharge of his Obligation, upon
wch We shall write our Agents in Jamaica to send the Necessary w:^ch We shall write our Agents in Jamaica to Send the Necessary
powers by Some of our Lycense Vessels, unless he proposes to remitt the Powers by Some of our Lycense Veessels, unless he proposes to remitt the
Money by the the Way of Old Spain, wch if You can inform your self of Money by the the Way of Old Spain, wch if You can inform Your Self of
You will advise us. We shall as he has desired send him a State of You will advise us. We shall as he has desired Send him a State of
our Demands on Mr Sisson & others within his Irrisdiction, & hope our Demands on Mr Sisson & others within his Jurisdiction, & hope
he will not fail us in the Friendship he has so often professed for Us he will not fail us in the Friendship he has So often professed for Us.
As to the Countesof Castleblancos Debt. He hope he Decease will As to the Countess of Castle blanco's Debt, he hope her Decease will
make no Alteration in the Secuity. Thererre Some payments duy bu= make no Alteration in the Security. There are Some Payments due, but
whether any have been made We have not yet heard whether any have been made We have not yet heard.
We We