Messrs Rigby & Pratter Mess.^rs Rigby & Pratter
Samaia Jamaica
Gent. Gent.
This serves only to give Cover to the Inclosed Copy This serves only to give Cover to the Inclosed Copy
of the Crince of Astinias
of the Court of Directors General Instructions to Capt. Jno Cleland of the Court of Directors General Instructions to Cap.^t In.^o Cleland
of the Company's Sloop Prince of Asturias, which is to be employd of the Company's Sloop Prince of Asturias, which is to be employd
between Your Island & the Several Factorys in the Spanrish West between Your Island & the Several Factorys in the Spanish West
Indies. I am Indies. I am
Southsea House South Sea House
Gent. Gent.
Yor mosthumble Serv Yo.^r most humble Serv.^t
London 22 July 1725. London 22 July 1725.
D Wescomb D. Wescomb
Dapt John Cleland Cap.^t John Cleland
Herewith you will receive Our General Instrctions for Herewith you will receive Our General Instructions for
Your Government in our service, We now thirk fit to direct that upon Your Government in our service, We now think fit to direct that upon
Receipt hereof You take the very first Opportunity of Mind & Weather Receipt hereof You take the very first Opportunity of Mind & Weather
& proceed the Voyage in Company with our ship the P. Frederick & proceed the Voyage in Company with our Ship the P. Frederick
if she be not already sailed). Upon Your being got to Sex & clear= (if she be not already Sailed). Upon Your being got to Sea & clear
of the Lands End, You are to take the first Opportunity of fair of the Lands End, You are to take the first Opportunity of fair
Weather & put on board the Pd Frederick the Goods You took in at Weather & put on board the P. Frederick the Goods You took in at
Ostend for the Compleating her Cargo, taking from Capt. Williams Ostend for the Compleating her Cargo, taking from Cap.^t Williams
the usual Receipts, one of which you are to transmit to us as the usual Receipts, one of which you are to transmit to us as
You have Opportunity You have Opportunity.
And as its probable the Prince Frederick may be And as its probable the Prince Frederick may be
obliged to truch at St Christophers, or some other Island to take obliged to touch at S.^t Christophers, or some other Island to take
in in