To the Factory of the R. assent To the Factory of the Rl. assiento
Company at Dera Cruz Company at Vera Cruz
South Ser Borseo London South Sea house London
28 April 1726 28 April 1726
Yo Gentn
Our last generall Letter was the 8 July last ff the Our last generall Letter was the 8th July last P the
Prence Frederick after which our Secretary by our order wrote you the Prince Frederick after which our Secretary by our order wrote you the
23 of that month and 24 August following, the first relating to Mr 23d of that month and 24 August following, the first relating to Mr
Growenors request as Ex to Mr Pesson Decead and the latter Grovenors request as Exr to Mr Jesson Decead and the latter...in
:closing a Cedula for Liberty, for some of your Selves to go up in to the :closing a Cedula for Liberty, for some of your Selves to go up in to the
Inland Country for inhoducing the Negroes, of which two last Lotters Inland Country for introducing the Negroes, of which two last Letters
inclosed are Copys. We have Since reced the following Letters biz from inclos'd are Copys. We have Since reced the following Letters viz from
Mr Pitt of 2 Feb. 172/5,15 May 19 and 26 July and 14 Jan following Mr Pitt of 2d Feb. 1724/5,15 May 19 and 26 July and 14 th Jany following
and from the Factory of the 14 Feb. 1724/5 21. May 23 and 30 July so l and from the Factory of the 14 th Feb. 1724/5 21st. May 23d and 30th July 30th Octb
20 Decem and 10 Jan following, all which we shall answer as we have 20 Decem and 10 Jany following, all which we shall answer as we have
Opportunity Opportunity
The Occasion of our present writing is to Inform you The Occasion of our present writing is to Inform you
that the Affairs of Europe seem to be at a Crisis, and a little time will that the Affairs of Europe seem to be at a Crisis, and a little time will
probably declare for Ware or a settled Peace. A Congress being Sett on fa probably declare for Ware or a settled Peace. A Congress having being Sett on foot
att Cambray for determining the differences between the Empeior and the att Cambray for determining the differences between the Emperor and the
King of Spain, as well as some other Interests which were left undete King of Spain, as well as some other Interests which were left [undete?]
=mind by the Treaty of Uhricht, and at the late Peace with Spain thi =mind by the Treaty of Uhricht, and at the late Peace with Spain thi
Oath Majesty during the time of said Congress, and without parthiun Oath Majesty during the time of said Congress, and without partici
=pating his Intentions to the other Powers, Entered into an Alliances =pating his Intentions to the other Powers, Entered into an Alliances
with the Emperor, which being Since made publick it appears that with the Emperor, which being Since made publick it appears that
by a Tieaty of Commece, the Emperor has the grant of Fade to Ae= by a Treaty of Commerce, the Emperor has the grant of Trade to old=
Spain and the Spanish wast Indies with Equal and great a pistlar Spain and the Spanish west Indies with Equal and greater  a priviledge
than England, Holland, France, or any other Nation Enjoys by forn than England, Holland, France, or any other Nation Enjoys by former
Fedy Treatys