desire leave to sell the Goods remaining unsold, even tho it be on Con desire leave to sell the Goods remaining unsold, even tho it be on Con
dition that the produce be deposited in the Royal Coffers, of it should notbe dition that the produce be deposited in the Royal Coffers, of it should not be
otherwise allowd, which is a Request So reasonable that We dont suppost otherwise allowd; which is a Request So reasonable, that We dont suppose
it will be refused. And if you should be able to get Leave to send away it will be refused. And if you should be able to get Leave to send away
our Effects pursuant to the aforesaid Article, or for any other services our Effects pursuant to the aforesaid Article, or for any other services
it should be expected that you give Security in our Name to be Answer it should be expected that you give Security in our Name to be Answer
able for the Value, Such Security may depend on our Indemnity able for the Value, Such Security may depend on our Indemnity
And Wehope you will met with no Difficulty in sungaging the Spearnich And We hope you will meet with no Difficulty in engaging the Spanish
Officers to Comply Seing they are justified therein by the aforesaid 40 Arte Officers to Comply Seing they are justified therein by the aforesaid 40 Arte
Should any Embarge happen (wch will Cause a Should any Embarge happen (wch will Cause a
Suspersion of the Assients We have directed our Factors that all Salarys Suspension of the Assiento) We have directed our Factors that all Salarys
to Judges Conservators, & other Officers are to cease, so that they are to avoid to Judges Conservators, & other Officers are to cease, so that they are to avoid
paying any unless they are particularly serviceable In wch Cases You paying any unless they are particularly serviceable In w^ch Cases You
will advise wth our Factors who by this Conveyance We have Orderd to will advise w^th our Factors( who by this Conveyance We have Orderd to
Consult wth you there being reason to think, That as the Concerns under Consult w^th you) there being reason to think, That as the Concerns under
them may be prety Considerable (especially at Vera Crur) they may them may be pretty Considerable (especially at Vera Cruz) they may
also require their Assistance, & particularly of the Judgea Conservator also require their Assistance, & particularly of the Judges Conservator
As his Maj y has lately Sent a Squadion of his Ships As his Majty has lately Sent a Squadron of his Ships
to the West Indies tis probable sence of them May appear off Veea Crus to the West Indies tis probable sence of them May appear off Vera Cruz
fother Spanish sorts, where the Comp has Effects, wch may be of Use in & other Spanish Ports, where the Comp has Effects, w^ch may be of Use in
Countenancing our Affairs, & may possibly have so good an Effect as to Countenancing Our Affairs, & may possibly have so good an Effect as to
Intimidate the Spariards from hindering you the withdrawing our Intimidate the Spaniards from hindering you the withdrawing our
Effects, & perhaps oblige them to make Satisfaction for what Petts He Effects, & perhaps oblige them to make Satisfaction for what Debts We
have outstanding, You will therefore Consider well, & make the best Use have outstanding, You will therefore Consider well, & make the best Use
You can of so favourable an Opertunity for our greatest Interest You can of so favourable an Opertunity for our greatest Interest
We remain We remain
Yor Affectionate Friends Yor Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
Johnlyles SubGoo John Eyles Subly
Wm Brooke W. Brooke
M Michlethwaite Jus Rudge DGov M Micklethwaite   Ju^o Rudge D Gov^r
o Michel K Michel
E. Backer E. Bocker
F. Skinner F. Skinner
H. Ashton H. Ashton
J. G.d. Tillicur J. G.d. Tillieus
E. Halsey E. Halsey
M. Lant M. Lant
R. Newton R. Newton
T Ayles T Ayles
G. Roberts G. Roberts
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
W. Heath W. Heath
R Lewin R Lewin