Perica for the sale of Goods by the Plotas, is orderd to be kept at Risavas Perica for the sale of Goods by the Plotas, is orderd to be kept at Risavas
& that the Flotistas shall not have Liberty to go to Mexies &c Youl & that the Flotistas shall not have Liberty to go to Mexies &c Youl
inform your self of the Truth of this Report & how far it may affect the inform your self of the Truth of this Report & how far it may affect the
Comps. Tradey either in the sales of their Goods, Aleasalas, or otherwise,
and acquaint the Court thereof, taking the best precantions You & Mr
Bermudas can thick of for preserving the Comps. Eights & Priviledges
The Courtwill Soon writh you in Answer to Yr. Several The Court will Soon writh you in Answer to Yr. Several
Letters, as also to his Excy Mr Stanhope in Answer to his red by last post
I am
Jouth Sea onses
Yr oost humbleSert Yr oost humbleSert
D. Mescomb D. Mescomb
South Seahouse South Seahouse
London 28 Octob 1725. London 28 Octobr 1725.
Mes. Haleys Crepencr Mes. Halsey & Cressener
Gentlemen Gentlemen
Yor Letter of the 26th Inst has been laid Yor Letter of the 26th Inst has been laid
before the Court of Directors, who observe the Prices offeed for the Goods before the Court of Directors, who observe the Prices offeed for the Goods
of the Francis Captn. Bryant, which is now safely arrived here, And of the Francis Captn. Bryant, which is now safely arrived here, And
I presume since y0s writing the aforesaid Letter You have recd mine I presume since yor writing the aforesaid Letter You have recd mine
whereby they left it to you to dispose of the whole Cargoe in the whereby they left it to you to dispose of the whole Cargoe in the
best manner you lould for the Company's Interest. And that you best manner you lould for the Company's Interest. And that you
remit the Produce to Mr DeGols the Company's Eashier remit the Produce to Mr De Gols the Company's Cashier
I am now to acquaint you that the Company have a I am now to acquaint you that the Company have a
Sloop the Don Carlos Capt. Youron now arrived at Portsmonth Sloop the Don Carlos Capt. Youron now arrived at Portsmonth
with with