now retermined, we beg you will Endeavoui to get apserusal of the now determined, we beg you will Endeavour to get a perusal of the
Cedulas before they pass, we being desirous they should be so worded t Cedulas before they pass, we being desirous they should be so worded as
to take in the sense of our Remarks, and if the King of pain accore to take in the sense of our Remarks, and if the King of Spain according
to the Stile of the Marg: de Grimaldo's Lotter would be thought incle to the Stile of the Marqs de Grimaldo's Letter would be thought included
to do us Justice, and to observe his Treatys with this Crown, he cannot to do us Justice, and to observe his Treatys with this Crown, he cannot
revoke the Cedulas which have been oblaind for Explaining the san revoke the Cedulas which have been obtaind for Explaining the same 
As to some Expressions therein which under the Sense doubtfull and As to some Expressions therein which under the Sense doubtfull and
Subject us to the Mallice and ill will of under officers in the Indies, T Subject us to the Mallice and ill will of under officers in the Indies. The
we do not in the present Temper of that Court hope for more, we That we do not in the present Temper of that Court hope for more, we Trust 
that this will at least be Expected from them. that this will at least be Expected from them.
In hoper the Spanish Ministers will reconsider the sechined In hopes the Spanish Ministers will reconsider these things
we have determined to revoke our Resolution for not making any we have determined to revoke our late Resolution for not making any
furthee payment on his Cath Majestys Assignments out of the Me furthee payment on his Cath Majestys Assignments out of the Negro
Dutys; possibly by thus accomodating the Spanish Ministers, they Dutys; possibly by thus accomodating the Spanish Ministers, they
may be induced to give their kelping hand towards it. We are may be induced to give their helping hand towards it. We are
with great Respect with great,^est Respect
Your Excrs most oe hin Your Exc:^cy most obed^t humbly 
The Court of D of the ST. Con The Court of DR of the S.S Comp,
John Eyles Sub Govr John Eyles Sub Gov^r
John Rudge Dop Gov. John Rudge Dep: Gov^r.
Peter Burrell Peter Burrell
Richd Hopkins Rich^'d Hopkins
Gab Roberts Gab: Roberts
Sam Jones Sam Jones
Robt Newton Rob^t Newton
John Hanbury John Hanbury
Thos Ayles Tho^s. Ayles
Samf Pitt Sam:^l Pitt
Nath Micklethwaite Nath: Micklethwaite
Robt. Michel Robt. Michel
Tho Skinner Tho:^s Skinner
Thos Savil Tho:^s. Savil
Richd Lewin Rich^'d Lewin
Math Raper Math Raper
Wm Heath Wm Heath
London 5 Aug 1725 London 5 Aug 1725