Sir Sir
We cannot let sley this Opportunity by Our Ship Prince We cannot let slip this Opportunity by Our Ship Prince
Frederick without returning you our Acknowledgements for the 
obliging Letter You wrote us the 13 March 1723. We are sensiblerth obliging Letter You wrote us the 13. March 1723. We are sensible the
Station You are in, as well as the near Affinity You have the Honl Station You are in, as well as the near Affinity You have the Hon.^r to
benr to the Vice Roy will give you frequent Oxportunitys of aecept bear to the Vice Roy, will give You frequent Opportunitys of access to
his Exq. & peut it into Your pawer to do us god Offices with resqpuete his Ex.^y & put it into Your power to do us good Offices, with respect to
any Dependencys We may have before him; And as his Ex. has any Dependencys We may have before him; And as his Ex.^y has
been pleased in a very obliging Manner to give us Assurances of his been pleased in a very obliging Manner to give us Assurances of his
Friendship & Regard for our Interests We persuade Our selves you Friendship & Regard for our Interests We perswade Our Selves You
will Cosperate with his Exy. in his good Intentions. will Cosperate with his Exy. in his good Intentions.
Our Supra Cargoes will on their Arrival pay their Our Supra Cargoes with on their Arrival pay their
respects to you, And We hope do every thing on their parts in Older respects to You, And We hope do every thing on their parts in Older
to merit Your Confidence & Esteem to merit Your Confidence & Esteem.
We pray God to preserve you many happy years bing We pray God to preserve You many happy Years being
S S.^r
Yor most humble Servante Yo.^r most humble Servants
London t July 1725 London 1.^st July 1725/
The Court of Directors of Flen The Court of Directors of y^e Royal
Assiento Comp. of Great Ditan Assiento [Comp.] of Great Britain
J Eyles Sublyn. J Eyles Sublyn.
P Rudge D Go: P Rudge D Go:
R Ward R. Wood
JGyre Sillin JGyre Sillin
N. Michlethwait N. Michlethwait
Rd. Hophens R.^d Hophins
P. Bursell P. Burrell
W. Heath W. Heath
S. Jones S. Jones
R. Newton R. Newton
H. Ashton H. Ashton
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
F. Skinmner F. Shinner
F. Ayles F. Ayles
P. Savill P. Savill
Ht. S. Eyre H. S. Eyre
R Lewin R. Lewin
H. Cartwright H. Castwright
R. Michel R. Michel
J. Raworth J. Raworth
S. Pitt S. Pitt