Iipersion of the Ass. You are to observe that all Salarg to Suspension of the Ass. You are to observe that all Salarys to
Judges Conservators & other Officers are to cease, So that You must andd Judges Conservators, & other Officers are to cease, So that You must avoid
paying any unless they are particularly Serviceable In wch Cases you paying any unless they are particularly Serviceable In wch Cases you
are to Consult wth the supere Cargoes there being reason to think that as the are to Consult w^th the Supra Cargoes there being reason to think that as the
Concerns under them are Mure Considerable they may require more of thes Concerns under them are More Considerable they may require more of these
Assistance & particularly of the Jadge Lonsersator Assistance & particularly of the Judge Consersator.
As his Mayy has lately Sent a Squadrion of his Ships to the As his Majty has lately Sent a Squadrion of his Ships to the
test udies, tis probable some of them may appear off Vera frue & other test udies, tis probable some of them may appear off Vera Cruz & other
Learish dorts, where the Comp has Effects wt may be Use in Countenanciny Spaniah Ports, where the Comp has Effects wich may be Use in Countenanciny
Our Affairs, & may possibly have So good an Effect as to interudate the
Graniands from hindering You the withdrawing Our Effect, and parchape Spaniards from hindering You the withdrawing Our Effect, and parchape
oblige them to make satisfaction for what Debts We have outo tanding it oblige them to make satisfaction for what Debts We have outstanding  with
You, You will consider well & make the best Use You can of To favorsable You, You will consider well & make the best Use You can of So favorable
an Opportunity for our greatest Interest an Opportunity for our greatest Interest.
We have writt by this Conveyance to our Supra Carges the We have written by this Conveyance to our Supra Carges the
further advice for our Comon Interest You will Concert & pursue, And further advice for our Comon Interest You will Concert & pursue, And
We hope by your prudent Managem on this Occasion you will commna We hope by your prudent Management on this Occasion you will commence
its of Your Care & Industry wch will be the most Effectual Inducement to As of Your Care & Industry wcih will be the most Effectual Inducement to
continue you in our favour & to remain continue You in our favour & to remain
Yor afetoneat Rrends Yor affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
John Eylls Sublyrs John Eylls Sublyrs
Jnr Bruidge D Gen Jnr Bruidge D Gen
G. Roberts G. Roberts
Q. Becher Q. Bechher
N. Micklethwaite N. Micklethwaite
T. Ayles T. Ayles
Ht. Cartrrght Ht. Cartwright
J. G.de Tillicur J. G.de Tillicus
F. Kaworth J. Kaworth
W. Brooke W. Brooke
H Ashton H. Ashton
R. Newton R. Newton
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
A. Lewin A. Lewin
P. Jones P. Jones
R. Hophins R. Hopkins
Wr. Heath W. Heath
P Burrell P. Burrell
P. Shumer J. Shimer
R. Michel R. Michel