Company named the St. James Capt. Edmand Bedford which tesha Company named the St. James Capt. Edmand Bedford which we state
dispatch very Soon dispatch very Soon
This comes by another sloop also lately built named the sd. This comes by another sloop also lately built named the St.
Gerge Capt. Repert Waring, which is to employd for the Companys Sene George Capt. Rupert Waring, which is to employ'd for the Companys Service
between Your Island & our Several Factorys Herewith We send You between Your Island & our Several Factorys. Herewith We send You
Copy of our Instructions to the said Comander, who is in like Manner as
the Capt. of our ther sloops are to be under Your Directions while at the Capt. of our other sloops are to be under Your Directions while at
Your place, and under those of our Factorys during his Stay with them
We have given him a fertificate in English & Sparish under the We have given him a certificate in English & Spanish under the
Company's Seal Testifying that she is in the Company's Service wch is
the same We have usually issued
You will receive from the Comrs. of Shiping a List of the presecne You will receive from the Com. of Shiping a List of the present
Officer & Seamen belonging to this Sloops, with their Wages, & the Tines Officer's & Seamen belonging to this Sloops, with their Wages, & the Times
 of Entry
Having thought fitt to Chase Edw Tennell whoembarksfor Having thought fitt to Chose Edwd Tennell who embarks for
Your place on this Sloop to be Chief Mate of the Company's Sloop the
Don Carlos in the room of Joseph Parker, You are on Receipt hereof
to discharge the said Parker, & admitt said Tennell in that Station in
his Stead giving him all due Encouragement for the Comps Serrice, He
hath here given the usual Security for his Infidelity
Upon Arrival of the Sd George at Your Island You are to Upon Arrival of the St Georges at Yours Island You are to
make the best use of her you can for the Companys Interest, And as
Publick Affairs still uncertain the Publick Affairs are in much the same uncertain Situation as
when We wrote You last We desire You'l keep her & our other Sloops in
Constant employ by Sending them to one place or other with as many
Negroes as may be necessary to make a Qualification for their Entrance
into the Spanish Port; And as for any greater Number, We must leave
that to Your Judgement from the Advices You shall receive from Time
to Time from Our Factorys to Time from Our Factorys
We We