Sir
I hav the Honour of your Ex. letter of the 30 July I have the Honour of your Ex. letter of the 30 July
Concerning a Cedula of the King of Spain upon the South Sea Company
infavour of the Count &e Gomicourt which he has Assigned to your Ex
I have not seen your Brother, but MrKeene brought the leduta this I have not seen your Brother, but Mr Keene brought the Cedula this
morning to the Court of Directors, where Habourd, but in Vain morning to the Court of Directors, where Habour'd, but in Vain
to serve you Not being able to hitt upon any Expedient clear of to serve you Not being able to hitt upon any Expedient clear of
objections, for the paying the Amount – sannd at several, and objections, for the paying the Amount – sann'd at several, and
showd them your Letter to me on the subject, but I had still this show'd them your Letter to me on the subject, but I had still this
general Answer_ The King of Spain is greatly Indebted to the Comp general Answer_ The King of Spain is greatly Indebted to the Comp
on accot. of the Reprisalian, for which prospect of Satisfaction appears on accot. of the Reprisalian, for which no prospect of Satisfaction appears
New difficulties are every day increasing upon the Company at their
Factorys, and Justice is either Prefused, or which is almost as bad
Protracted with Industry. The posture of Affairs is still dark & gloomy
and tis not known how soon a War may break out o The apprehensions
of which Induced the Company to refuce layment of any ledulas, of which Induced the Company to reduce payment of any Cedulas,
some of which were in favour of very considerable Spaniards, who
might highly Resent such partiality as paying yours might be,
They therefore desir'd me to assure you of their Inclination to Oblige
your Excy if it had been practicable, and they hope you will think
the Reasons they give A tolerable Excuse, the more, when they promise
your Excy. to pay yours off as soon as the seene of Affairs, shall soatte your Excy. to pay yours off as soon as the scene of Affairs, shall soalter
as to Incline them to pay any
I am with the highest value and Esteem I am with the highest value and Esteem
Your Exg. Your Exc.
Most humble Most humble
11th. August 1726
& most obedient servant & most obedient servant
Tho Byles Tho Byles