any thing contary to the Treaty and that they may be apsared the Comye n any thing contrary to the Treaty and that they may be assured the [Comye]? will
be as forward as they casdarse to dotheking & therewles Eight n the pate be as forward as they devise to do the king & themselves right n this particular
about which they wil make dilgent Enquiry Whe would have por tate th about which they will make dilgent Enquiry. Whe would have you take this
forwad theps to pevont the Council erning t any Reolection heve pon tohe forwad steps to prevent the Council coming to any Resolution here upon wherby
the Comps. Tactors should be dimeyed by Order of You Couast wt would be age the Comps. Factors should be dismissed by Order of Your Court w^h would be a [ge]?
We are We are
Decaidit to the Company Discred it to the Company
Yr afetinale Frnds Y^r affectionatee Friends
the Court of Directors the Court of Directors
J. Lyles Sublyn. J. Eyles Sub God
T. Burrell T. Burrell
J. Fudge DGp J. Rudge D Gov
R. Wood R. Wood
G. Roberts G. Roberts
J. Tryer J. Fryes
Wr Bowles W. Bowles
R Michel R Michel
B. Lithiuller B. Lethiullier
T. Savill T. Savill
H. S. Eyr H. S. Eyre
R. Leian R^d Lewin
J. Haybury J. Hanbury
& G. d. Sillian J & G. de Tillieus
S. Sitt S. Pitt
Or. Hophins R^d. Hopkins
M. Micklethwall M. Micklethwaite
answer defer'd in his of 11. Febry 1725
Messrs Rigby & Latter Saith la Houn London Messrs Rigby & Pratter     South Sea House London
24 Decr 1725 24 Decr 1725
Gent. Gent
The South blea Compe having taken up the Sep rane The South Sea Comp having taken up the Ship Francis
Capt John Chapnan for a Veyage to Whidak in Asicas to takein 450 heyne Capt John Chapman for a Voyage to Whidah in Africa to take in 450 negroes
to be deliverd at Port Royal in Jamaica Inclosed is Abstract of Sd. Ship to be deliverd at Port Royal in Jamaica Inclosed is Abstract of Sd Ships
Charteparty for yr. Government. I am Charterparty for yor. Government. I am
Gent Gent
Yor Most humble Sevt. Yor Most humble Servt.
D Mascomb D. Wescomb