General & Several other powerfull Princes & States have alerdy accord General & Several other powerfull Princes & States have already acceded
& ther aw on the point of coming in This aded to the Unamnity of & others are on the point of coming in: This added to the Unanimnity of our
Parliamentin Sreng thering he Majy. Bands againstal nrenclen Parliament in Strengthening the Maj.^tys. hands against all [ineroadments]?
& Insults, We doubt not will be attended with great & good Consequences t & Insults, We doubt not will be attended with great & good Consequences &
leaves us no room to imaging that a supture (should therebe ay) will leaves us no room to imagine, that a Rupture (should there be any) will
be of any long Continuance. We have also a prospect that upon an be of any long Continuances. We have also a prospect that upon an
Accomodation our Trade in particular will be better secured, & that in its Accomodation our Trade in particular will be better secured, & that in its
full Extent, without being Cramped & Subjected to the many groundless full Extent, without being Cramped & Subjected to the many groundless
Imbarrassments it has fitherto mett with, and that some Means call e Imbarrassments it has hitherto mett with, and that some Means will be
fortud out, whereby We shall be satisfied for the many great sums of the found out, whereby We shall be satisfied for the many great sums of the
late Reprisalia & c wch have been unjustly & violently imbarged and late Reprisalia Ve.  wch have been unjustly & violently imbarged and
detaind However as Aveder are already gone from Cadie to Vere fone detaind: However as avisos are already gone from Cadiz to Vera Cruz,
Carthagena, & Havana, wch possibly may carry Orders, not very famel Carthagena, & Havana, wch possibly may carry Orders, not very favourable
to our Concerns in the Indies. It behoves you to be on Yor. Gear to our Concerns in the Indies. It behoves you to be on Yor. Guard, &
to take the most pradent Measures You can think of for Securing Our to take the most prudent Measures You can think of for Securing Our
Effects in Such Manner, as the Nature of the thing will admitt of that Effects in Such Manner, as the Nature of the thing will admitt of, that
they may as little as possible be exposed to a 2d Reprisalia; the Con they may as little as possible be exposed to a 2^d. Reprisalia; the Con=
sequence of wh might be as fatal as the former, there being no Money sequence of wh might be as fatal as the former, there being no Money
to be expected, where there is nove to pay, as it Seems has all along to be expected, where there is nove to pay, as it Seems has all along
been the Case of his C.M. both in Old Spain, as well as the paunth been the Case of his C.M. both in Old Spain, as well as the spanish
West Indies Sence the last Reprisalia, Notwithstanding at the last West Indies Since the last Reprisalia, Notwithstanding at the last
peace, there was as ample Provision made, as a Treaty could do to peace, there was as ample Provision made, as a Treaty could do, to
Satisfy the Comps. Demands How to direct You particularly i Satisfy the Comps. Demands How to direct You particularly in
this Conjuncture We are at a Loss, but We think Your own teason sa this Conjuncture We are at a Loss, but We think Your own reason will
tell you how Necessary it is to make the largest & most expeditiouns tell you how Necessary it is to make the largest & most expeditions
Returns You possibly can, by way of Jamarca, that should the sont Returns You possibly can, by way of Jamaica, that should the most
Cappen, We may have but litle for the Spaniands to lay ther hea happen, We may have but little for the Spaniards to lay their hands