Antigua, what Permgs wery Employd, and how kept going, what pnsulte
there was previous to their altering their Course, and turning for Autie
9. You will also Examine whether the Ship got any and what
Damage at Coarthagena of Forto belo, and how occasionsd
10. You are generally to make your selves Masters of the whole Affat
so as to be able at your return to give us the Satisfaction We expect, an
to be Ingenuour and Canded therein, you being to deliver to Your
Information upon Oath
11. If you two cannot agree in Opinion in respect to the repairig
and bringing home the Ship, We have deired Mr Byam to whom
We now write to be umpire between you, whose determination you
are to follow, And in Case She should be repaird to come home, You
will return in her, and Capt Phillips is to Comand her, if there; But if
not then Mr Do Utber the Chief Maty is to command hir
Ferewith you have a Letter of Coodit for what money yo
may want for the purchase of Materials or Necessarys at Antiqua
which from the confidence We have in your fruigality and good Managen
We have not thought fit to Limit Meare
South Sea house
Londo 18 Apl 1727
PS. In Case of the decease of uther Mc Berdor Mc Hill the
Execution of these Orders is to decolor on the Survivor, And if M Bird
Should happen to dye Mc Hillis particularly Injoynd to consult
M. Byame mall his proceedmnes, and in taking up the necessary money
for the purposes mentioned in these Our Orders And for what Money
Shall be taken up, You are to give Bills drawn on Mc Conradde Gols
the Companys Casheer at the Cos. Exchange
Ps If neither Capt Phillipsnor McUtber the thief Mate be at
Antiqua then Mr Berdmay take the Command of the Royd George
hhwself We having been Informd he is capable thereof
PS. Notwithstanding any thing herein before contained to the
contrary. of upon your Moriral at Antiqua You find the Royal
Georges Saily Rigging and other Arres have been sent to Jamuica
as its probable they may have been for the sake of Selling and
disposing of them to the best advantage, you are in such Case if you
determing to repair the Royr George, to sened your ship to Famaica
and apply to Messrs Rigby & tratter Our Agents there who have
Our Orders by the Letter You have herewith directed to them to deliver
them to you, if with them, and if they are in the hands of any other
Persons there to procure im by purchase, r otherwise in the best
manner they can to be brought back to Antiqua, They ary
also directed to suply you with what other Shores you may want
for the Use of the Reyl George
Your Affectionate friends
The Court of Directors
John Cyles Sul Gro
John Budge dap Gor
Wm Borbles
G. Roberts
Impey
Ptw Ruidge
K Stoward
D. Shinner
M. Raper
M Cartwrighs
Ayles
Sales
B. Lethicullier
Wm Brooke
S. Dones
J. Lock
J Harbury
J Twill
K Stophins