116 116
You are alsanys to be very Cincunsfedt and hep a Gold Watch & lank on You are always to be very Circumspect and keep a Gold Watch & look on
as well at Ser as in Port to prevent surpuse from Pyrates or others as well at Sea as in Port to prevent surprize from Pyrates or others
Herewth you have a cutificate in Sparish & English under the Conp. Loal Herewith you have a certificate in Spanish & English under the Comp. Seal
ottesting that yo. Koop is in the service of the Assients Company of Great Prifain attesting that yo.r Sloop is in the service of the Assiento Company of Great Britain
wch you may produce upon Occasion to prevent any Seizure or Molestation wher wch. you may produce upon Occasion to prevent any Seizure or Molestation when
requred by ts orour said Factory to deliver up the said Certificate. required by us or our said Factory to deliver up the said Certificate.
You and Yor. Comps. are to be very cautions against giving any Seandaln You and Yor. Comps. are to be very cautions against giving any Scandal or
offince to these of the Roman Catholich Roligion the same being stretly nutie offence to these of the Roman Catholick Religion the same being strictly prohibited
by the Assients Contract by the Assiento Contract
I in theser Instructions any things have been omitted to be given fprng If in these Instructions any things have been omitted to be given you in
Charge, it is expected that You & Yo Men will so Act as may most Conduce to the Charges, it is expected that You & Yo.r Men will so Act as may most Conduce to the
Comj. Interest, & as You & they approve yor Selves in our service, You may be asted Comp. Interest, & as You & they approve yo.r Selves in our service, You may be assured
of our Tawvour & Encouragement. of our Favour & Encouragement.
Metled You a properses boyage & remain We wish you a properous voyage & remain
Yor loving Friends Yor. loving Friends
The Court of Diuectors The Court of Directors
the South lea Competty the South Sea Company
I lyht sub Gy I Eyles Pub. Gov.
A Rudge DGoo A Rudge D Gov.
G Roberts G Roberts
B. Lethiulluer B. Lethiulluer
Mr Bowles W Bowles
P. Burrell P. Burrell
T. Tunner T. Skinner
J Feyer J Feyer
R. Michel R. Michel
Tho Lavily Tho Lavrill
T. Ayles T. Ayles
Mr Beoke W. Brooke
P. Jones P. Jones
J. Naworth J. Haworth
W. Heath W. Heath
R Word R. Wood
M. Miklethint N. Miklethwaite
Pauth la House London South Sea House London
14 Jany 1724 14 Janry 1724