202 202
for the same on the back of the Bills of Lading, for doing where of you are to stay for the same on the back of the Bills of Lading, for doing where of you are to stay
15 days if ned full. 15 days if need full.
You areto deliver to our said Agents at Jamaica Such Goods and You are to deliver to our said Agents at Jamaica Such Goods and
Merchandire of the ortward bound Cargo, as may happen to remain undispose Merchandize of the outward bound Cargo, as may happen to remain undispos'd
on the Coast of Assica, as also Such Gold and Rephants Taetl as yours hall pur on the Coast of Assica, as also Such Gold and Elephants Teeth as yours hall pur=
=chase there for the Companys acct or bring the same home to the Port of London =chase there for the Companys acc^t or bring the same home to the Port of London
as our said Agents at Jamaria Shall direct as our said Agents at Jamaica Shall direct
If you shall deire any part of your Freight to be paid at Janara If you shall desire any part of your Freight to be paid at Jamaica
our Agents there will supply you with a Proportion thereof not exceding ty panto our Agents there will supply you with a Proportion thereof not exceeding 1/4 part
at the Cunt. Exchange of that Island with England. at the Curr^t. Exchange of that Island with England.
Youare to take particular Care that you stow your Gunpowdor well You are to take particular Care that you stow your Gun powder well
and that your Gunner be a sober Carefull Person and that your Gunner be a sober Carefull Person
Whether at Seaor in Port you are as frequently as you can to heel Whether at Sea or in Port you are as frequently as you can to heel
and serul your ship and pay her between wind and Wter that the may at all and serub your ship and pay her between wind and Water that she may at all
times be fit for sailing, and you are to be provided with Raft Ropes for the times be fit for sailing, and you are to be provided with Raft Ropes for the
better Convaying your water on board. better Convoying your water on board.
If you happen to put into any Island belonging to the Pertague If you happen to put into any Island belonging to the Portagues
you are to be very Cautious what Men you send on shore Especialy your Officers you are to be very Cautious what Men you send on shore Especialy your Officers
that they may not under any pretence of Stopping being you under a Necesity that they may not under any pretence of Stopping being you under a Necessity
of Complying with unreasonable demard, or have pore to thy your Ship and of Complying with unreasonable demands, or have power to stop your Ship and
rin your Eayage. ruin your Voyage.
And because Pycates frequently Infest the Coast of Assica, and to And because Pyrates frequently Infest the Coast of Assica, and to
present any dangers from the Rovers of Sally you are to be very Circumspect present any dangers from the Rovers of Sally you are to be very Circumspect
and not leave your ship or speak with any other without absolute Necessity, and not leave your ship or speak with any other without absolute Necessity,
but but