186 186
accot. from time to time of all your procedings in the Companys Service acco^t. from time to time of all your proceedings in the Companys Service
Herewith you have an Act of Parliament against Pyrates Herewith you have an Act of Parliament against Pyrates
which as it Contains Rewards and punishments youll publish it in the which as it Contains Rewards and punishments you'll publish it in the
best Manner youcan, We have thought fit over and above the Encouragement best Manner youcan, We have thought fit over and above the Encouragement
given by the said Act to make a further Provision in case any of your given by the said Act to make a further Provision in case any of your
Men shall happens to be killd or Wounded in defence of your ship, concerning Men shall happens to be killd or Wounded in defence of your ship, concerning
which we have given Directions to our Agents at Jamaica which we have given Directions to our Agents at Jamaica
If in these Instructions any things have been omitted it is lepate If in these Instructions any things have been omitted it is expected
that you will so Act as shall be most for the Companys Advantage, and cause all under that you will so Act as shall be most for the Companys Advantage, and cause all under
yor to do the like and as you approve your Self in this Command & Trust you may you to do the like, and as you approve your Self in this Command & Trust you may
Dopond on our Savour and Encouragement We wish you a good voyage and remain Depend on our Favour and Encouragement We wish you a good voyage and remain
South Sea House London South Sea House London
22 July 1725 22 July. 1725
P S. The Moditeranean Pass and Register and P S. The Mediteranean Pass and Register and
the bill of Health herein refer to I suppose you took the bill of Health herein refered to I suppose you look
along withyou and as to the list of your offuers and along with you ,and as to the list of your officers and
mew, they are Containd in your ships took to which you men, they are Containd in your ships book to which you
are referrd. are referrd.
Messrs Righ and Fatter witl deliver you Mess^rs Rigby and Pratter will deliver you
the poper Paset fryour Voyages from time to thime the proper Passed for your Voyages from time to time
to the sp Wat hnde to prore you to be an Aapsent vefal. to the Sp:West Indies to prore you to be an assiento Vessel.
Your affectionate Friends the Your affectionate Friends the
Courst of Director of the Baban Court of Directors of the SSeas Comps
John Eytes Sub Govr. John Eyles Sub Govr.
John Rudge Dep Gov: John Rudge Dep Gov:
Richd Hophins Rich^d Hopkins
Robt. Newton Rob^t. Newton
Peter Burrel Peter Burrel
Richd Lowen Richd Lowen
Nach MichlHwaile Nath MichlHwaile
Gab. Roberts Gab. Roberts
Sam Jones Sam Jones
John Rawortly John Raworthy
Jno Gerardo de Fillicus Jn^o Gerardo de Fillicus
Thos Kinner Thos SKinner
S am Pitt Sam Pitt
Henry Ashton Henry Ashton
Henry Sam. Eyre Henry Sam. Eyre
Wm Brocke W^m Brookd
Thos Ayles Tho^s Ayles
Robt Wood Robt : Wood
Thos Savil Tho^s: Savil
Robt Michel Rob^t : Michel
Benj. Sothicullier Benj. Lothicullier
Henry Carsthoughty Henry Cartroright