which you are to Observe and not give any frandal to these of the Roman which you are to Observe and not give any [scandal] to these of the Roman
Catholich Religion. Catholick Religion.
You have also herewith a Copie of a Convention Concluded You have also herewith a Copie of a Convention Concluded
between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, being Eaplanatary of some part between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, being Explanatary of some part
of the Assents Contract and also his Cath Majesty's Cedula for Continuing of the Assiento Contract and also his Cath Majesty's Cedula for Continuing
the Assients in like mannee as before the late Warr the same being Grounded on the Assiento in like manner as before the late Warr the same being Grounded on
the late Treaty of Peace with Spann the late Treaty of Peace with Spain
If in these Instructions any things have been omitted, it If in these Instructions any things have been omitted, it
is Expected you will so act as may be most for the Company's Advantage, and is Expected you will so act as may be most for the Company's Advantage, and
cause all others under you to do the like, and as you approve your Self in this cause all others under you to do the like, and as you approve your Self in this
Voyage you may depend on our Favour and Encomagement. Weare Voyage you may depend on our Favour and Encouragement. We are
Your affationate Friends the Court Your affectionate Friends the Court
onth Sea House London South Sea House London
of Directors of the sd. Sea Company of Directors of the S^o. Sea Company
24 Decemr. 1724 24 Decem^r. 1724
John Eyles Sub Gor John Eyles Sub Gov^r
John Rudge Dep Govr John Rudge Dep Gov^r
Peter Burrell Peter Burrell
Edmd Halsey Edm^d Halsey
Robt. Wood Rob^t. Wood
Jno Haubury Jn^o Haubury
Gab Roberts Gab Roberts
Sam: Jones Sam: Jones
Nath Micklethwaite Nath^e: Micklethwaite
P S Youare according to your Chastorparty P S Youare according to your Charter party
within 30 days after your arrival at the Port of London within 30 days after your arrival at the Port of London
from this your intended vayage to deliver to the Court from this your intended voyage to deliver to the Court
of Directors of the Company or a Comittee thereof of Directors of the Company or a Comittee thereof
a full Just and true account in writing under a full Just and true account in writing under
your and your Chief mates haud of all proceedings & your and your Chief mates hand of all proceedings &
Transacheas in relawn to the selling and disposing Transactions in relation to the selling and disposing
of the Outward lound Cargo and purchasing your of the Outboard bound Cargo and purchasing your
Robt Newtow Rob^t Newton
I Guardot or Fillicux J Girardot di Fillicux
Negroes Stores and Provisions and adjust and make Negroes Stores and Provisions and adjust and make
Thos Kinner Tho^s. Skinner
gond the Ballance of your while account of Trade good the Ballance of your whole account of Trade
John Rawortle John Rawortle
to the s. Coust on a Committee thereof before any part to the P. Court on a Committee thereof before any part
Hany Ashton Henry Ashton
of your Freight payable in England shall becave of your Freight payable in England shall become
Wm Heath W^m Heath
payable Payable
H.S.E. H.S.E.
Henry Sam Eyre Henry Sam Eyre
R H. R H.
Richd Hophins Rich^d. Hopkins
9th J.H
nm NM
Rn RN
39DT JGDT
HAt HA