224 224
any Portduring the Voyage out and home, and you & Yoar Chief Materares to keep any Port during the Voyage out and home, and you & Your Chief Make are to keep
a Tournal of Your Shiyps Proceedings containing a daily Account of tind and a journal of Your Ships Proceedings containing a daily Account of mind and
Weather, & all remarkable occurrences, and deliver the same to us at Your Return Weather, & all remarkable occurrences, and deliver the same to us at Your Return
You are as Opportunities offer to send us an Accot. of the prices You are as Opportunities offer to send us an Accot. of the prices
of Negives on the Carst, and what Goods ane most Current & veudible for ou better of Negroes on the Coarst, and what Goods ane most Current & veudible for our better
Regulation in futue Canges. Regulation in future Cargos.
You are not to carry out any private Adventure on Your own, or You are not to carry out any private Adventure on Your own, or
other persons Account, except such as shall be allowed by the Company nor invest other persons Account, except such as shall be allowd by the Company nor invest
the produce of Such as shall be so allowd, in any other Comodity than Gold or the produce of Such as shall be so allowd, in any other Comodity than Gold or
Rephants Path Elephants teeth.
You aw in all things to comply with Your Charter party You aw in all things to comply with Your Charterparty.
If in these Instructions any things have been omitted, it is expected If in these Instructions any things have been omitted, it is expected
that You will So Act as shall be most for the Companys Advantage, & cause all others that You will So Act as shall be most for the Companys Advantage, & cause all others
under you to do the like, and as you approve your self in this Voyage You may under you to do the like, and as you approve your self in this Voyage, You may
depend upon one favour and Encouragement depend upon one favour and Encouragement.
We wish you a good Veyage & are We wish you a good Veyage & are
Pr Affectionate Friends Ysr. Affectionate Friends
South Sea House South Sea House
The Court of Directors of The Court of Directors of
the South Sea Comp the South Sea Comp.
London 28 Octr 1725 London 28 Oct.r 1725
J. Lyles Sublyor. J. Eyles Sublyor.
J. Rudge DGor J. Rudge DGor.
R. Hophins R. Hopkins
R Newton R Newton
T. Savill T. Savill
H.S. Eyre H.S. Eyee
W. Heath W. Heath
P. Ayles T. Ayles
A Wood R. Wood
H. Cartruight H. Cartruight
R. Lewin R. Lewin
J. Kaworth J. Kaworke
H. Michlethwaite N. Micklethwaite
JG.d Tillieux JG.detillieux
H. Ashton H. Ashton
Wm Brooke Wm Brooke
T. Shinner T. Shinner