Cotfache you wreto prduce in the fpaich that Tndes as arasion may rgure to prant Certificate You are to produce in the Spanish West Indies as (?) may require to prevent 
any Serure or Molestation and Deliver back the same to Us at Your Return any (?) or Molestation and Deliver back the same to Us at Your Return
I herewith also you will knowe a Capy of the Apsents Contract which you Herewith also You will Receive a Copy of the Assiento Contract which You
ere to oberse and not give any Seandal to these of the Roman Cathelick Religion- are to observe and not give Scandal to those of the Roman Catholick Religion
You haveals herewith a Cory of a Convention Concludes betwen the Cowns You have also herewith a Copy of a Convention Concluded between the Cowns
of Grat Britain and Sfrin being Caplanatory of Some parts of the Affeints Contarct and of Great Britain and Spain being Explanatory of Some parts of the Assiento Contract and
alo his Cathelich Majesty CEdule for fontiuring the Assentr in the tike Marner as tefre the also his Catholick Majestys Cedula for Continuing the Assiento in the like Manner as before the
late War the same bing Grounded on the late Traty of Pace with Spain late War the same being Grounded on the late Treaty of Peace with Spain.
If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted It is expected you If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted It is expected You
will so Act, as may be most for the Companys Moantagy And laun all others under will so Act, as may be most for the Companys Advantage And Cause all others under
Your to to the like Alnd as yn approse yur self in this tynges You nay Apendon Our You to do the like And as You approve Your self in this Voyage You may (?) Our
Davour and Encouragement Weare Favour and Encouragement We are
Your Affictinate Frend Your Affectionate Friends
The Court of Dirctors of the The Court of Directors of the
Touth Sea Company South Sea Company
Mat Raper Mat: Raper
John Eyles Sub Gov. John Eyles Sub Gov^r
Thos Gearing Tho^s Gearing
John Kidge Pept. Goo John Rudge Dep: Go^r
Beyg. Lthicullier Bej^n. (?)
Saml Tones Sam^l Jones
Saml Litt Sam^l Pitt
Willm Brooke Will^m Brooke
G Roberts G. Roberts
James Osborne James Osborne
Rich. Honkins Rich^d Hopkins
Rob. Michll Rob. Michell
Roger Hudson Roger Hudson
Saml Clarke Sam^l Clarke
Thos Coss Tho^s Coss
I Girardor de Tilliin I Girardor de Fellieux
Nath Mucklethwal hos Myles Nath Mucklethwal Tho^s Ayles
Thos Pearse Tho^s Pearse
Sonth Sea House South Sea, House
London the 17th Jany. 1723. London the 17th Jan^y. 1723.
Whereas the eunt by the King Wiliam Whereas We Sent by the King Wiliam
in the Gear 1722, the Trne of a Sorp in the Year 1722, the Frame of a Sloop
designed for the Use of Our Factory at Busncs designd for the Use of Our Factory at Buenos
Kyres, which Capt. Hamilton Ondeavoned to Ayres, which Cap^t. Hamilton Endeavor'd to
Setupal lango, And had Almast finshed her Set up at Seango, And had Almost finshed her,
but lasing many of his Men was fored to but losing many of his Men Was fored to
leave her behind Which was a Great disapposintin leave her behind Which was a Great disappointment
to the Dactory It seems She was left with to the Factory It Seems She was left with
her stores under the Care of Mr. Will Kuight her Stores under the Care of M^r. Will Knight
a Factor Mr. Robt. Berry Maty and Glorgey a Factor M^r. Rob^t. Berry Mate and George
Holford Rramen appointed by Governour Hereford to take care of her And the Capt. Fleford Seamen appointed by Governour Hereford to take care of her And the Cap^t.
built a shel over her to hee the Plank from the sum Wercomendit to you to have her built a Shed over her to keep the Plank from the Seum We recomend it to You to have her
forthwith taken to Luces, and to carry such part in your Shin as Shelan Convenient ly take forthwith taken to Pieces, and to carry such part in Your Ship as She can Conveniently take
in And deliver to Our sactory at Bilenos Alres for which we shall make you an Allowance in And deliver to Our factory at Buenos Ayres for which We Shall make You an Allowance
at your Bfurn And We shall direct that over next shir take in thes rest herewith you will at your Return And We shall direct that over next ship take in the rest herewith you will
a letter from the Koy Apr Comnt to Gov Hereford to pay all Charge in Nelation to the said Sloop which a letter from the Royal. "Al" Comp^y to Gov^r Hereford to pay all Charge in Relation to the said Sloop which
Yrul deliver and in Our Name thank him for his Care You'll deliver and in Our Name thank him for his Care.