I fin these Intrations any Thing lhavebuen dmnited it seapeted that If in these Instructions any Things have been Omitted is expected that
You will so Act in all things as may most Conduce to the Companys Advantage and You will so Act in all things as may most Conduce to the Companys Advantage and
lause all others under you to do the like, and as you approve your Self in this toyage, Cause all others under you to do the like, and as you approve your Self in this Voyage,
You may beasured of Our Faour and Encounagement You may be assured of Our Favour and Encouragement
Werash yona god toyage and remain We wish you a good Voyage and remain
Your affectionate Friends Your affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
G. Roberts G. Roberts
John Cyles Sub Gov John Eyles Sub Gov^r
Wm Brooke W^m Brooke
Jno Hudge Dep Geo: Jn^.o Rudge Dep Gov^r
Rob. Michel Rob^t. Michel
Thos Pearse Tho^s Pearse
Jas Mescalf Ja^s Mescalf
Jno Osborne Jn^o Osborne
K. Wood K. Wood
Saml Tones Sam^l Tones
Edm. Halsey Edm. Halsey
Thos Ayles Tho^s Ayles
T. Ginaroot de Tellieur T. Girardet  de Tellieur
Roger Hudson Roger Hudson
John Lade John Lade
Tor Gearing To^s Gearing
Thomas Crosse Thomas Crosse
Thos Frederick Tho^s Frederick
Instructions Given by the Court of Instructions Given by the Court of
Directors of the South Sea Company to Capt. Directors of the South Sea Company to Cap^t.
Nathanel Smith of the essex for a Voyage to Nathanel Smith of the Essex for a Voyage to
Angola and Buenss Ayres Angola and Buenos Ayres
Sapt. Smith Cap^t. Smith
You having signt Bills of Lading for the Good Merchandar You having signd Bills of Lading for the Goods Merchandize
Stres and Provisions put on board Your Shiyp the Essex by the South Sea Comps. Stores and Provisions put on board Your Ship the Essex by the South Sea Comp^a.
and received from them your Dispatches We direct that according to Charterfearty and received from them your Dispatches We direct that according to Charterparty
You take the first Opperturity of Mend and Weather and Sall from Graveseurs You take the first Opporturity of Wind and Weather and Sail from Gravesend
making the best of Your Way to Angola in Africa making the best of Your Way to Angola in Africa
Where being arrived you are to Use Your utmnd st Endecvone Where being arrived You are to Use Your utmost Endeavour