108 108
Assunts Contract beforemention yoru are to make Use of in the Sparih Assiento Contract beforementiond you are to make Use of in the Spanish
West Indies to prevent any Seizure or Molestation, and bring them bach t West Indies to prevent any Seizure or Molestation, and bring them back to us
at Your Return at Your Return
Your Treight is to be paid according to Charterparty but in Carly Your Freight is to be paid according to Charterparty but in Case you
shall desere any part thereof to be paid at Buenor Ayres our Factory will supel shall desire any part thereof to be paid at Buenos Ayres our Factory will supply
You with not exceding oue thousand perces of Eight to be said in Weighty You with not exceding one thousand pieces of Eight to be said in Weighty
Dollors at 5. each Dollors at 5. each
The Company are to allow you Fifty Pounds in Consideration The Company are to allow you Fifty Pounds in Consideration
of your taking particular Care of the Cango out & home and in Leen o Parnar of your taking particular Care of the Cango out & home and in Lieu of Primage
& all other Priviledges what sever to be paid with theat part of Your Treight & all other Priviledges whatsoever to be paid with that part of Your Freight
payable in England payable in England
You are to be allowed for Port Charges at Buenor Ayes receodirn You are to be allowed for Port Charges at Buenos Ayes according
to Chartlerparty to Charterparty.
You are to take all Opportunitys of informing us from time to You are to take all Opportunitys of informing us from time to
time of Your ships procedings of wc you are to keep a fournal or Deary as als- time of Your ships proceedings of wch you are to keep a journal or Diary as also
of the Wind & Weather and all other remarkable Occurrences & deliver the Came to of the Wind & Weather and all other remarkable Occurrences & deliver the same to
us at Your Return us at Your Return
Inall things You are to comply with your Charterparty Inall things You are to comply with your Charterparty
If in thesr Instructions any things have beenomitted it is expuclt- If in these Instructions any things have been omitted it is expected
that you will so Act in all things as may most conduce to the Comps Aevantare that you will so Act in all things as may most conduce to the Comp. Advantage
& cause all others under you to do the like, & as You approve your self in the & cause all others under you to do the like, & as You approve your self in the
Voyage You may be assured of our Favour & Encouragement Voyage You may be assured of our Favour & Encouragement
Rego desirous our Sloop the Molley Being desirous our Sloop the Molley
should proceed for Busnos Ayres in should proceed for Buenos Ayres in
opd with you for her better Safety comp.a with you for her better Safety
in performing her Voyage, We in performing her Voyage, We
recomend d to You to take her under recomend it to You to take her under
Yor Case accordingly Yo.r Case accordingly
there are also to proceed in sd Your these are also to proceed in sd Your
Sr for B A: M Goll Sqith & Gorrdes Reys for B A: M Gill Smith & Gerrard
Were Bricklayer to whom Youl give t Vere Bricklayer to whom Youl give &
Necessary Accomodacon Necessary Accomodacon
We with You a good Voyage & remain We with You a good Voyage & remain
Yo affectionate treunt Yo.r affectionate Friends
Te Court of Diut The Court of Directors
of ye so Selon of S.O Sea Compa.
R Michell R Michell
J lite J Eyles
J. Killyn J. [Kudge]
M Kaper M Kapez
K. Hophins K. Hopkins
S. Barnll P. Barrell
J. Haubur J. Haubury
S. Sone S. Jones
P Robert G Roberts
Wr Heeth W Heslh
J Nawgish J Rawgrsh
Mnnr T [Shining]
H. Ashton H. Ashton
N. Mechlethwayte J. G 1 N. Michlethwayte J. Gide 
C Ryle T Ayles
H.L. Gyre H.B. Eyres
W. Newton W. Newton