being by Charterparty reserved entirely for the Company's Goods, For all which Goods being by Charterparty reserved entirely for the Company's Goods, For all which Goods
as well as for all money Silver Gold & Effects as shall be Laden on board for the Co. Acco. as well as for all money Silver Gold & Effects as shall be Laden on board for the Co. Acco.
you are to sign Bills of Lading for delivering the same to us at the Port of London you are to sign Bills of Lading for delivering the same to us at the Port of London
For taking in the said Goods and Effects. You are to Tarry at Bus Ayres 60 For taking in the said Goods and Effects. You are to Tarry at Bu.s Ayres 60
days if needfull to be computed from the Expiration of the aforesd 15 days. and as days if needfull to be computed from the Expiration of the aforesd 15 days. and as
much longer as our Factory shall necessary upon Demorage according to Charteyty much longer as our Factory shall judge necessary upon Demorage according to Charter p.ty
Being Dispatched from Buen, Ayres You are to Proced Directly to the Being Dispatched from Buen, Ayres You are to Proceed Directly to the
Port of London, and delice our Goods and Effect according to Consignmt Port of London, and deliver our Goods and Effect according to Consignmt.
You are to take care that you Stow yor Gunpowder well and that Yor You are to take care that you Stow yo.r Gunpowder well and that Yo.r
Gunner be a Seberlarefull Person. Gunner be a Sober Carefull Person.
Whether at Sea or in Port you are frequently to Heel and Serul yor Ship Whether at Sea or in Port you are frequently to Heel and Serub. yo.r Ship
and pay her between Wind & water, that she may be always Clean & fit for sailing and pay her between Wind & water, that she may be always Clean & fit for sailing
And you are to be Provided with Raft Ropes for the better Conveying your Water And you are to be Provided with Raft Ropes for the better Conveying your Water
Con board. on board.
If you happen to put into Island belonging to the Pertuqueese. You are If you happen to put into Island belonging to the Portuqueese. You are
to be cautious what men you send on shore especially your officers. That they to be cautious what men you send on shore especially your officers. That they
may not under any pretence bring you under a Necesity of Complying with may not under any pretence bring you under a Necessity of Complying with
unreasonable demands or have Power to Stop your ship and ruin yo. Doyage. unreasonable demands or have Power to Stop your ship and ruin yo. voyage.
And because Pypates frequently infest the Coast of Africa and the And because Pyrates frequently infest the Coast of Africa and the
Rovers of Sally may trouble you. You are to be very Circumspect, and Rovers of Sally may trouble you. You are to be very Circumspect, and
not leave your ship or speak with any other without absolute necsity, but not leave your ship or speak with any other without absolute necessity, but
always keep a good Guard and look out both at Sea. and in Port to prevent always keep a good Guard and look out both at Sea. and in Port to prevent
Surgnze Surprize
You are to take lare of the Provisions and stores for the Negroes, and not You are to take care of the Provisions and stores for the Negroes, and not
expend any m Your voyage. nor afterwards suffer the same to be embezled by expend any in Your voyage. nor afterwards suffer the same to be embezled by
Yo men, and if you find that yor Provisions put on board at the Port of London Yo men, and if you find that yo.r Provisions put on board at the Port of London
are not sufficient for the negroes you take in, Youare to Purchase there such a are not sufficient for the negroes you take in, You are to Purchase there such a
further Quantity as shall be necessary taking Care they be good in their kind. further Quantity as shall be necessary taking Care they be good in their kind.
Te The