ase to hey a Prmnat of Your Shyp precdings Containing a darly Acount are to keep a journal of Your Ships proceedings Containing a daily Account
of Wind and Wather and all Remarhatle Occurences and Oeliver the same to us ats of Wind and Weather and all Remarkable Occurrences and Deliver the same to us at
Just Rutur your return
Uoly are as Opportunity offer to Lend i an Account of the fres of You are as Opportunity offer to send as an Account of the Prices of
Hegres on the frst and what Gorts are most Curent and tenditly for Our better Negroes on the Coast and what Goods are most Current and [tenditly] for Our better
Regilation in futirg Cargaes Regulation in future Cargoes
Apore are not to Carry out any trivate Adventure for Your own or other you are not to Carry out any Private Adventure for Your own or other
foroms Account except such as shall be Allowrd by the Company nor Imoust the Persons & Account except such as shall be Allowed by the Company nor Invest the
protucy of Such as Shall be Allened in any other Comodity Mhan Goll and Clephants produce of Such as Shall be Allowd in any other Comodity than Gold and Elephants
3th [?]
You are in all thing to Cemply with your Charterparty You are in all things to Comply with your Charterparty
If in then Instructions any theing have been omitted it is cxprected that If in then Instructions any things have been omitted it is expected that
You rill so net as shall be most for the Company & Drautage and Causy all others You will so act as shall be most for the Companys & [Drautage]? and Cause all others
under you to to the like, and as you apprive Youralf in this Voynge you may under you to do the like, and as you approve Yourself in this Voyage you may
Apend uypon Our Trant and Escerragement Depend upon Our Favour and Encouragement .
We Wit Gn a Ggord tege ant are We Wish you a Good Voyage and are
Your Affectiouate Tents Your Affectionate Friends 
The Court of Virectors of the The Court of Directors of the
South Seas House South Seas House
South Sia Company South Sea Company
London 27 Octr 1724 London 27 Octr 1724
Jhn Eyles Sunt Gon. John Eyles [Sunt] Gov.
Pter Burnell Peter Burrell
John Budge Vepr: Gov John Rudge Dep: Gov^r
Henry Stshton Henry Ashton 
G. Roberts G. Roberts
Wm Brooke Wm Brooke
John Raworth John Raworth
Nath Michlethwaite Nath Micklethwaite
Robt Newton Robt Newton
Robt. Musel Robt. Michel
R: Hophins R: Hopkins
Thos Saill Thos Tuvill 
Jaml Sitt Saml. Pitt 
Thos Shinner Thos Skinner
J Hanbury J Hanbury
I Gurardat to Tilluny I Girardot de Tillience 
Thos. Ayles Thos. Ayles