put into any port during the Voyage out and hance, and You and Your Chis Mtate put into any port during the Voyage out and hance, and You and Your Chief Mate
are to hep a ournal of Your Ships prscedings, containing a daily Account of are to keep a Journal of Your Ships proceedings, containing a daily Account of
Wind & Werther & all remarkable Occurences, and deliver the same to us at Your Wind & Weather & all remarkable Occurences, and deliver the same to us at Your
ehurn Return
You are as Opportunitys offer to send us an Accot of the prices of You are as Opportunitys offer to send us an Acco^t of the prices of
Negrees on the Coast, and what Goods are most Current & Vendible for our better Negroes on the Coast, and what Goods are most Current & Vendible for our better
Regulation in future Cargods. Regulation in future Cargoes.
You are not to Carry out any private Adventure for pr own or other You are not to Carry out any private Adventure for yo^r own or other
Persons Accot except Such as shall be allowd by the Company nor iwest the produce Persons Acco^t except Such as shall be allowd by the Company nor invest the produce
of such as shall be lo allowd in any other Comodity than Gold or Elephants Seeth of such as shall be to allowd in any other Comodity than Gold or Elephants Teeth
You are in all things to Comply with Your Charterparty You are in all things to Comply with Your Charter party
If in these Instructions any things have bensomited, it is expected you If in these Instructions any things have been omitted, it is expected you
will So Act, as shall be most for the Comp. Advantage, & cause all others aunder will So Act, as shall be most for the Comp. Advantage, & cause all others under
You to do the like and as You approve Your self in this Voyage you say depued You to do the like and as You approve Your self in this Voyage you may depend
upon our Favour & Encouragement. We are upon our Favour & Encouragement. We are
South Seca. House South Sea. House
London 9 Sepr. 1725 London 9 Sep^r. 1725
Yor Affectionate Friends Yo^r Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors of the The Court of Directors of the
South Lea Company South Lea Company
Johnlyles but Gev. JohnEyles FutGev.
Ty Gudge Defor In^c Pudge Degov^r
P. Burrill P. Burrell
Edu Desier Edw.d Besier
T. Savill T. Savill
R Wood R Wood
W. Heath W. Heath
N. Michlethwaite N. Michlethwaite
P. Ayles T. Ayles
H P. Eyre H S. Eyre
Mc Raper M. Raper
J. G.de Tillieur J. G.de Tillieur
R. Htophins R. Hopkins
H. Ashton H. Ashton
Jas Hanbary Jn^o Hanbury
J. Raworth J. Raworth
S. Jones S. Jones