The hegon of far tey eang ti teg a the ering or t lon The Surgeon of your Ship during its  stay at the Delivering Port is to take care of 
the Negras onstine, if ther to reguird by our Agents or Futons the Negroes onshore, if there to required by our Agents or Factors
Yun ar to tabke tatey all Oppertunty of Teferning ies as yimn patinteany You are to take  all Opportunitys of Informing us as you put into any
for durng the tage ont a hene and pr an eo flt tha an to he at ronet f on tege for during the Voyage out and home and you and your Chief Mate [flt tha an] of your ships  
praudings Containing a duly Account of Tendand Mather andall Remashall Oueran proceedings Containing a daily Account of [Hind]? and Weather and all Remarkable Occurances
and belver the same to weat your Return and deliver the same to us at your Return
Yonare as Appertuity Ofer to Senders an Account of the Lres of egone You are as Opportunitys Offer to Send us an account of the [prices]? of negroes
in the Cout and that Gertear mat Carrent and tnditly for Our better Regulation ingutir arge in the least and what goods are most  Current and tendibly for Our better Regulation in future Cargoes
You are not to Carryont any prate Adventure for your mon on ther tron You are not to Carry out any private Adventure for your man or other persons
Account Except such as shall be Allowed by the Company nor Irrest the flroduay of such a shal be Account Except such as shall be Allowed by the Company nor Invest the produce of such a shall be
Allund in anyother Cometity then Gold and Clyphatets Tath Allowed  in any other Comodity than Gold and Elephants Teeth
You are in all thing to Complywith Your Charterparty You are in all things to Comply with Your Charterparty
Ofin then Instructions any things hare been Omitted it is apueted that f If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted it is expected that you
tall s het as hall be met for the Compenuys Advantagh and Caurall therander ynt will so Act as shall be most for the Companys Advantage and Cause all others under you to
to the tehy and ad yon aprose you difin thes Tyages you may degendiygomn on dermnr and do the like and as you approve yourself in this Voyage you may depend on our favour and
Encmragement Encouragement
We lanth Gna Gor Tgage andarne We wish you a good Voyage and are
Your Affetimate trend thy Your Affectionate Friends the
Comt. of Sirctor of the Court of Directors of the
South Sea Company South Sea Company
South Sea Bouse South Sea house
London 2 July 1724 London 2. July 1724
John Exle. Lut Gu. John Eyles. Sub Gov.
S Grradotde illian J. Girardotde. Fillian
John Kudge yr Gor John Riddge Dep:Gov
Henry Sam lyre Henry Sam^l  Eyre
Thos Hanbury Tho^s Hanbury
John Fryer John Fryer
Thos. Ryles Tho^s. Ayles
R Wood R. Wood
Robt Michel Rob^t Michel
Matthew Raper Matthew Raper
Nathl Michlethwait Nathl Michlethwait
Wm Brooke Wm . Brooke
Robt Newton Rob^t . Newton
G. Roberts G. Roberts
Wm Bowles W^m Bowles
R. Hephin R. Hopkins
Bengr. Lethicullier Benjr. Lethieullier