272 272
&S. As the Sublich Affairs betwen Great Pritarn & Spain are Still in adoubfful &S. As the Sublich Affairs betwen Great britian & Spain are Still in adoutful
Situation as to Seace or War, and whether any Orders May be Arrived at Buenos Ayeos Situation as to Seace or War, and whether any Orders May be Arrived at Buenos Ayeos
Public Affeirs shill Public Affeirs shill
doubful doubiful
from the Court of Spain for Imnbarging Our Efects He pewns not, It therefore behoves from the Court of Spain for Imnbarging Our Efects He pewns not, It therefore behoves
You to be Morethan Ordinary Circumspedt, And it being probable the Earles Newr May You to be Morethan Ordinary Circumspedt, And it being probable the Earles Newr May
atecestisfe to be watchful 
be Cavred to the Cape of God pope by Sona Dutch of other Shiping We think proper be Cavred to the Cape of God pope by Sona Dutch of other Shiping We think proper
lape of Lood hope lape of Lood hope
that You touch there in yo Way from Madagasear to Busors Ayres for Intelligence that You touch there in yo.Way from Madagasear to Busors Ayres for Intelligence
to touch there to touch there
And be it what it will, Peacesr War, You are without Loss of Fince to proceed to the And be it what it will, Peacesr War, You are without Loss of Fince to proceed to the
and 1o on to ye Rever River of Slate, where being arrived you are then, & not till then, to open our other In- and 1o on to ye Rever River of Slate, where being arrived you are then, & not till then, to open our other In-
of plate of plate
structions herewith deliverd You seald & Superserild to Yor Self & the Comander of structions herewith deliverd You seald & Superserild to Yor Self & the Comander of
prwvat hestrations private hestrations
Mr Kip for the sime being wt you are Carefilly to peruse & follow in fase of Mar tu Mr Kip for the some being wt you are Carefilly to peruse & follow in fase of Mar tu
otherwise you are to pursue the foregoing Instructions & bring bagh the others with otherwise you are to pursue the foregoing Instructions & bring bagh the others with
32 32
You You
P.B. P.B.
E Halsey E Halsey
G.R. G.R.
N.m. N.m.
H. a H. a
R.N. R.N.
S8 S8
J.R. J.R.
9H. 9H.
R.M R.M
H.S. 2. H.S. 2.
J.G.D.J. J.G.D.J.
R.L. R.L.
W.B W.B
Ro w Ro w
(the same as above) (the same as above)
The Portscript to Capt. Durnhams Instructions were Seaged Viz The Portscript to Capt. Durnhams Instructions were Seaged Viz
T.S T.S
T.K T.K
J. H J. H
P.B. P.B.
R Michel R Michel
P.S P.S
H.S.E. H.S.E.
TM. TM.
MR MR
E.H. E.H.
R.L R.L
G.R. G.R.
Ht.C Ht.C
H.A H.A
WB. WB.
S.D S.D
R.W. R.W.