33
Should any of Your Kegoe happen to dyge inbard Your Shy during Should any of Your Negroes happen to dye onboard Your Ship during
Your stay on the foust of Afriea and the Royal Afrean Companys Factors or Agent Your stay on the Coast of Africa and the Royal African Companys Factors or Agents
should be willing to Deliver You such a number as will make up the Number of should be willing to Deliver You such a number as will make up the Number of
Negres so dying Yoare to deire the same of them in Witing Under Your hand Negroes so dying You are to desire the same of them in Writing Under Your hand
signing Cortificates and bills of leding in like manner as for the ret of Your Carge Signing Certificates and bills of lading in like manner as for the rest of Your Cargo
Conded they camn be fut inboad within the Time Limitted in your Charterparty Provided they can be put onboard within the Time Limitted in your Charterparty
for your stay on the Coust for your stay on the Coast
If in these Intructions any things have been omitted I is Expectes If in these Intructions any things have been omitted It is Expected
that you Alct in all things so as shall be most for the beneft of this Company that you Act in all things So as Shall be most for the benefit of this Company
and Cause all others ander you to do the like, And as you apprave your self and Cause all others under you to do the like, And as you approve yourself
in this toyage You may be Assured of Our Fronr and Encouragement in this Voyage You may be assured of Our Favour and Encouragement
Th that you a prapureue toyage and Renain We wish you a prosperous Voyage and Remain
Your Affetonate Frends Your Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors of the The Court of Directors of the
South Sea Company South Sea Company
Jno Rudge Den: Govl. Jn.^o[john] Rudge Dep: Gov.^r
Nath: Michlethwarte Nath: Micklethwaite
A. Ashton H. Ashton
Petr Burrell Pet.^r Burrell
G. Roberts G. Roberts
Robt Michel Rob.^t Michel
Jno Kaworth Jn.^o Raworth
Saml Pitt Sam.^l Pitt
Jno. Hanbury Jn.^o Hanbury
Thos. Shinner Tho.^s Skinner
Mat Raper Mat Raper
Robt Wood Rob.^t Wood
Willm Brooke Will.^m Brooke
Richd Lewen Rich.^d Lewen
Thos Savill Tho.^s Savill
Jno Ginartot d Telliun Jno Girardot de Telline
Richd Saphins Rich.^d Hopkins
Robt Neston Rob.^t Newton
Auth Seg Plouse South Sea House
London 20 Febry 1723 London 20 Febr.^y 1723
Cap. Bryant Cap.^t Bryant
The Company having allowed You
Charterparty Four Negrows in enery Bundred by Charterparty Four Negroes in every Hundred
no Four Oeliverd Alive by you is for Your and Four delivered Alive by you is for Your
king Care of their Bealths and fersurvation. taking Care of their healths and preservation
ney do under the Penalty therein Containd They do under the Penalty therein Contained
rbid Your purchasing any on Your Own forbid Your purchasing any on Your Own
any other Persons Account but that of or any other Persons Account but that of
te Only Company the Company Only.
TS
TR
MR
HA
RW
PB
WB
GR
RL
RM
S&T
JB
RH
JP
RH
JH