Instructions given by the Court of Directors of Instructions given by the Court of Directors of
the South Sea Company to Capt. Mathew Kent Com. the South Sea Company to Capt. Mathew Kent Com^d.
of the Bristow Galley for a Voyage to Puenors Aiges of the Bristow Galley for a Voyage to Buenors Ayres
& back to the Sort of London & back to the Port of London
I hee Instructions were taken from Capt. Didgeors of the There Instructions were taken from Capt. Pigeon's of the
Rudge Galley for Buenor Ayres Rudge Galley for Buenos Ayres
Dated Dated
South Sea house South Sea house
London 17 Feby 1725 London 17 Feby 1725
Sign'd Sign'd
Capt Rent Cap^t Kent
John Eyles Serb Gonv John Eyles Sub Gov^d.
PS. PS.
You are Sensible the publick affairs between ts and the You are Sensible the publick affairs between us and the
Jns Hudge D Gov Jn^s Hudge D Gov6d
Praniard Irem at a Prisis & whether the Spun will be peaceor War is uncertain Pyrmiard Sum at a Crivis & whether the Spun will be peace or War is uncertain
I therefore behove you to be more thease ordinary Cremngjust expuecially when preare come If therefore behave you to be more than ordinary Commission expecially when you are come
S. Jones S. Jones
into the River of Busnor Ayres, lest the Spancards from the Town, or any Shyps thy may into the River of Buenos Ayres, list the Spaniards from the Town, or any Ships Highway
T. Savill T. Savill
have there should surprise You. have there should surprise You.
the like faution te desire You to give to Such other Ships in the Comn the like Caution we desire You to give to Such other Ships in the Comp^s
R Newton B Newton
Sevice as you may happen to meet with in that Niver or alsewhere to wd End at y fort Services as you may happen to meet with in that River or alsewhere Go [w^t] 2nd at 4 fort
hereof e have insiited the Names of Such shyas wch count out for B Ayres & are not yet returnd hereof e have insiited the Names of Such shyas wch count out for B Ayres & are not yet returnd
G. Robert G. Robert
By the Packeton board p Ship We have writt our Eactory on this Occasion By the Packeton board p Ship We have writt our Eactory on this Occasion
H. Aliston H. Aliston
& should any Imbargment heave happesed from the Spancard before yor Arrival You will be & should any Imbargment heave happesed from the Spancard before yor Arrival You will be
best Judge in what Manner Safely to put it into their Bands wt We recomend to Youto do wth best Judge in what Manner Safely to put it into their Bands wt We recomend to Youto do wth
H. Cartwright H. Cartwright
Anarkerecy & precaution, having therein directed them hers to proced for their Governor Anarkerecy & precaution, having therein directed them hers to proced for their Governor
We are ut Supra We are ut Supra
J GD. Sillieur J GD. Sillieur
J. & J. &
S.J. S.J.
South Sea Bo London South Sea Bo London
H. S. Eyre H. S. Eyre
A A
10 May 1726 10 May 1726
W. Brooke W. Brooke
N.M N.M
Te Syrie Te Syrie
Cap. Fre Wellams Cap. Fre Wellams
B. Lethicullier B. Lethicullier
W.H W.H
The Assients The Assients
Edwd Segard Edwd Segard
J.R J.R
Jno Sedgeon Jno Sedgeon
The Rrudge Galley The Rrudge Galley
T. Ayles T. Ayles
Saml Robarts Saml Robarts
The Bombe The Bombe
2L 2L
The Eariffe The Eariffe
Willm Gollsborough Willm Gollsborough
P. Shimer P. Shimer
H. a H. a
Nich Wabb Nich Wabb
The Bortle The Bortle
1483 1483
Thos King Thos King
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
Tred: of Cambridge Tred: of Cambridge
ML. ML.
Nehemiah Winter Nehemiah Winter
The N Willlam The N Willlam
P. B. P. B.
A Michel A Michel
Nath Smith Nath Smith
Th Eser Th Eser
WB. WB.
Mc Raper Mc Raper
G. R G. R
R. Lewin R. Lewin