Royal Afrian Conganys Officers shall Diture in your Account you are to Sign Tour Royal African Companys Officers shall Disburse in your Account you are to Sign Four
Lotipiate Certificates
The Surgeon of Your ship during her sayat Taraico is to take fore The Surgeon of Your ship during her stay at Jamaica is to take Care
of the Aygnes onthere of the Negroes on shore
You are to take all opportunity to Informtts from Time to Time as You are to take all opportunity to Inform us from Time to Time as
Y putintrany lot during the whole boyage and to give us a particler Acount You put into any Port during the whole Voyage and to give us a particlar Acount
by all Oppertunitys of Your Froecedings by all Oppurtunitys of Your Proecedings
Your are Strtly to Obere and Complywith your Charterparty Your are Strictly to Observe and Comply with your Charterparty
Should any of Your Nexores happen to Dye onboard Your ship- Should any of Your Negroes happen to Dye onboard Your ship-
During Your stayon the Coust of Africa and the Royal Afrean Companys Sactors During Your stay on the Coast of Africa and the Royal African Companys Factors
or Agents should be willing to deliver you Such a Number as will make up the or Agents should be willing to deliver you Such a Number as will make up the
Munter of Negres So dyng you are to desire the same of them in Worting under Number of Negroes So dying you are to desire the same of them in Writing under
Your band Signing Cortificater and Bills of Lading in like Manner as for the Your hand Signing Certificates and Bills of Lading in like Manner as for the
Nest of Your Cargo sworded they can be put onboard within the Time Simitled in your Rest of Your Cargo Provided they can be put onboard within the Time Limited in your
Charterparty for Your stay on the Const. Charterparty for Your stay on the Coast.
If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted Hhis expected If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted this expected
that you Act in all things las shall be most for the berefit of this Company and Caunsy that you Act in all things to as shall be most for the benefit of this Company and Caunsy
all other and you to to the like, Andas you approve your self in this byage you may all other under you to do the like, And as you approve your self in this voyage you may
beastured of Our Savour and Encouragement be assured of Our Favour and Encouragement
Te Wich Yon a poperous trag and heneun We Wish You a prosperous voyage and remain
Your Affectionate Frinds Your Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors of The Court of Directors of
the south sea Company The South Sea Company
John Cyles Sub Gov. John Eyles Sub Gov.^r
Thos. Ayles Tho^s. Ayles
J Kurge Dept. Gov. Ja^s Kurge Dept. Gov.^r
Robt. Michel Rob^t. Michel
Sam. Litt Sam.^l Pitt
Sam Jones Sam^l Jones
Nathl Michlethwaite Nath^l Micklethwaite
T Girarto t Tillina T Girardot Tillieux
That Raper [That Raper]
Thos Gearing Tho^s Gearing
Benj. Lithicullier Benj.^n Schieullier
Land Carke Sam.^l Clarke
Wm Brooke [Wm] Brooke
Thos Peasse Tho^s [Peasse]
G. Hoberts G. Hoberts
Caml Osorrne Sam^l Osborne
K. Haphins R. Hopkins
Saith 6o 56any South Sea House
London 16 Jany 1723 London 16 Jan^y 1723.