262 262
Instructions given by the Court of Directors Instructions given by the Court of Directors
of the South Sea Company to Captn Charles Burnham of the South Sea Company to Capt^n Charles Burnham
of the Ship St Michael, for a Voyage to Madagascar of the Ship St Michael, for a Voyage to Madagascar
there to take in 600 Negroes to be delivered at Buenos there to take in 600 Negroes to be delivered at Buenos
Agres. Agres.
Captn Burnham Capt^n Burnham
Your Indenture of Covenants with the Company Your Indenture of Covenants with the Company
being first Executed. you are to take the first opportunity of wind & weather being first Executed. you are to take the first opportunity of wind & weather
and make the best of your way to Madagascar in the East Indies, having and make the best of your way to Madagascar in the East Indies, having
obtained Licence for that purpose from the East India Company. Wherebeing obtained Licence for that purpose from the East India Company. Wherebeing
arrived, you are to use your best Shill and Endeavour at the last & Charge of y0 arrived, you are to use your best Skill and Endeavour at the cost & Charge of [yo]
Owner to Purchase 600 Negroes and 18 Negroes, and no more, The same to be Owner to Purchase 600 Negroes and 18 Negroes, and no more, The same to be
Good Pound Healthy Merchantable & Choice Negroes that want neither Limbr nor Good Sound Healthy Merchantable & Choice Negroes that want neither Limb nor
Eye nor have any Dangerous Distemper Sore or wound har be Lame Sickmegre Eye nor have any Dangerous Distemper Sore or wound nor be Lame Sickmegre
or Refuse. And of the lages and Sixes and in the Proportion and manner or Refuse. And of the ages and Sexes and in the Proportion and manner
following in One half males from the Ages of 15 to 25 years and the other following viz One half males from the Ages of 15 to 25 years and the other
half Temaces from the Ages of 12 to 18 years. And that all the Negroes so to be half females from the Ages of 12 to 18 years. And that all the Negroes so to be
purchased be of the Blackest Sort with Short curled Hair, and none of ye awny purchased be of the Blackest Sert with Short curled Hair, and none of ye Tawny
Sort with Strait Hair the said 18 negroes to be delivered to our Factors at Buenes Sort with Strait Hair the said 18 negroes to be delivered to our Factors at Buenos
Ayres Cost Tree. Ayres Cost Free.
And having taken in yor Complement of Negroes together with Provisions And having taken in yor Complement of Negroes together with Provisions
and other necessarys. you are to Proceed to Buenos Ayres in the River Plate and other necessarys. you are to Proceed to Buenos Ayres in the River Plate
in the Spanish west Indies, and there deliver to our Factors so many of the said negroe, in the Spanish west Indies, and there deliver to our Factors so many of the said negroes,
as shall be capable of going over the ships side taking their Certificates or Receipts as shall be capable of going over the ships side taking their Certificates or Receipts
according to yor Indenture of Covenants with the Company according to yor Indenture of Covenants with the Company
You are not to purchase or take in any East India or other Goods You are not to purchase or take in any East India or other Goods
or any Merchandize whatsoever at Madagasar except Negroes & Provisons or any Merchandize whatsoever at Madagasar except Negroes & Provisons
as aforesaid. as aforesaid.
you you