264 264
We being obliged to pay yor Owner 15t Phead for all such negies at We being obliged to pay yor Owner 15t P head for all such negros as
You deliver alive at Buenosayles and are Capable of going over the ships side You deliver alive at Buenos ayles and are Capable of going over the ships side
there (except for the aforementioned 18. to be delivered lost free) You may (if there (except for the aforementioned 18. to be delivered oCst free) You may (if
you desire it) receive of our Sactors there any part thereof: not exceeding One you desire it) receive of our Factors there any part thereof: not exceeding One
fourth part in weighty Dollars at 8. each. fourth part in weighty Dollars at 5. each.
You are to observe that the the Company have agreed to pay your You are to observe that  the Company have agreed to pay your
Owner £262:10 for his Insuring against Sponnish Captures during the boyage Owner £262:10 for his Insuring against Spanish Captures during the voyage
out & home. It is with this Proviso. That such Capture be not occasioned by out & home. It is with this Provise. That such Capture be not occasioned by
carrying any Goods into the Spanish west Indies, or doing any thing contrary to carrying any Goods into the Spanish west Indies, or doing any thing contrary to
and in Breach of the Assiento Contract. a lopy whereof you will receive and in Breach of the Assiento Contract. a lopy whereof you will receive
herewith. herewith.
You are not to put on board at Br. Ayres or else where in the Spanish You are not to put on board at B. ayles or elsewhere in the Spanish
Wex thdies any Goods or Merchandze whatsoever. except such as shall be for West Indies any Goods or Merchandize whatsoever. except such as shall be for
account of the South Sea Company account of the South Sea Company
South Sea house South Sea house
London 9 June 1726 London 9 June 1726
Wr Heath W. Heath
E Roberts E Roberts
Ht Ashton H. Ashton
Jo: Hanbury Jo: Hanbury
J. Staworth J. Raworth
S. Jones S. Jones
I [?]
T. Savill T. Savill
Mc Raper M. Raper
E. Shalary E. [Shalary]?
R Wood R Wood



Seal of the Company, Importing that yo Ship is Ireighted on account of the Seal of the Company, Importing that yo Ship is Ireighted on account of the
Assiento which you are to Produce as occasion may require, to prevent any Assiento which you are to Produce as occasion may require, to prevent any
Seizure or Molestation, and deliver the same to us at yor Return Seizure or Molestation, and deliver the same to us at yor Return
We wish you a Prosperous voyage and remain, We wish you a Prosperous voyage and remain,
Yor affectionate Friends Yor affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors of the South The Court of Directors of the South
Sea Company Sea Company
Tho. Skinner Tho. Skinner
John Eyles Subseo John Eyles Subseo
I Ginedet de Tillicux I Ginedet de Tillicux
Jno Rudge DGovr Jno Rudge DGovr
R. Michel R. Michel
Edmd Halsey Edmd Halsey
ge Bunrell ge Bunrell
W: Brooke W: Brooke
H. Sam. Eyre H. Sam. Eyre
n Micklethwaite n Micklethwaite
R Newton R Newton