by the Company nor Inoest the produce of such as shall be Allowedan any other Comodity by the Company nor Invest the produce of such as shall be Allowed in any other Comedity
fhan Gold or Clephants Tath, which Gouare not to sell at Buenor Ayres or elswshery in than Gold or Elephants Teeth, which you are  not to sell at Buenor Ayres or elsewhere in
the Spanish West Indie, but bring the same back from thence under the penaltys the Spanish West Indies, but bring the same back from thence under the penaltys
Containd in Your Charterparty neither are you to take onbeard at Buines Ayres or elseshen Containd in Your Charterparty neither are you to take onboard at Buenos Ayres or elsewhere
in the Spallish Wast Indies any Hydes Fallow paraquay or Comodity whatsoever in the Spanish West Indies any Hydes Follow paraguay or Comodity whatsoever
other than such as shall be Consignd to this Company and be for their Account under other than such as shall be Consignd to this Company and be for their Account under
the like penalty the like penalty
You are in all things to Comply with Your Charterparty You are in all things to Comply with Your Charterparty
I berewith you have a Pertificate in Spanish and English under the Congune Herewith you have a Certificate in Spanish and English under the Company
hal atteting that your Shepes Freighted by them in account of the Assents which seal atlesting that your Ships Freighted by them in account of the Assento which
fortificate Gouarl to preduce in the Spanish test Inrdies as Occasion may require to Certificate you are to produce in the Spanish most Indies as Occasion may require to
prevent any Surure or Molestation and deliver back the same to Us at your Return prevent any future or Molestation and deliver back the same to Us at your Return
Aerwith also you will Recuive a Copy of the Assents Contract which you Herewith also you will Receive a Copy of the Assento Contract which you
are to Oberve and not give any sandal to there of the Roman Catholech Religin- are to Obesrve and not give any saindal to those of the Roman Catholech Religion-
You have also herewith a Cony of a Convention Concluded between the Cowns You have also herewith a Copy of a Convention Concluded between the Crowns
of Great Bhtain and Spain being Explanatory of some parts of the Assients Contract, and of Great Britains and Spain being Explanatory of some parts of the Assiento Contract, and
also his Catholick Majestys fidula for Continuing the Assents in the like manner as before also his Catholick Majestys Cidula for Continuing the Assento in the like manner as before
the late War the same being grounded on the late Treaty of Peace with Spain the late War the same being grounded on the late Treaty of Peace with Spain
I fin these Instructions any things have been Omitted it is Expected You If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted it is Expected You
will so Act as may be most for the Companys Advantage, and fause all others under You will so Act as may be most for the Companys Advantage, and cause all others under You
t do the like And as you approve your self in this toynge, You may depeted on to do the like And as you approve your self in this voyage, You may depend on
Our Tror and Ecouragement He are Our favour and Ecouragement We are
uth Sea House South Sea House
London 20 Febr 1723 London 20 Feb 1723
Capt. Firard Capt. Hizard
Company having Allowed you by The Company having Allowed you by
sterparty & Negroes inevery 104 beliverd Alie by you Charterparty & Negroes in every 104 deliverd Alive by you
uenu for your taking fare of their health and preteration which is for your taking care of their health and preservation
iy do under the Renalty theteen Containd, Torted your purchasing they do under the penalty there in Contained, sorted your purchasing
yon Your Ourorany other persons Account byt that of the any on Your Owner any other persons Account by that of the
marly only Company only
The lurgion of your shyp during his stay at Brines The Surgeon of your ship during his stay at Burons
ires is to take Card of the Regrees a shore if thoreto required by Our Factory. Ares is to take Care of the Negroes a an there if there to  required by Our Factory.
wB m wB m
Sr. Grando c Allenyn Brotke Sr. Grando c Allenyn Brotke
1of nm 1of nm
345 345
3136 3136
Mich Hophens Mich Hophens
31a S4 31a S4
Robt Neston Thos Sarill Robt Neston Thos Sarill
not MR Kh S8 not MR Kh S8
45 45
Your Affectionate Friends Your Affectionate Friends
The Court of Director of the The Court of Director of the
South Sea Company South Sea Company
Jno Rudge Dep Gov: Jno Rudge Dep Gov:
K. Word K. Word
G. Roberts G. Roberts
Wm Heath Wm Heath
Dr Burrell Dr Burrell
Hent Saml Clyre Hent Saml Clyre
Jno Raworth Jno Raworth
Sam Pitt Sam Pitt
Sam Jones Sam Jones
Nath Michlethwaite Nath Michlethwaite
H. Ashton H. Ashton
Robt Michel Robt Michel
Jno Sanbury Jno Sanbury
Thos. Shinner Thos. Shinner
ires is to take Card of the Regrees a shore if thoreto required by Our Factory. ires is to take Card of the Regrees a shore if thoreto required by Our Factory.
at Raper at Raper
Sr. Grando c Allenyn Brotke Sr. Grando c Allenyn Brotke
Mich Hophens Mich Hophens
Richd Sewin Richd Sewin
Robt Neston Thos Sarill Robt Neston Thos Sarill