that you shall from time to time take on board, in the best manner you can that you shall from time to time take on board, in the best manner you can
and to divert them as much as may be. and to divert them as much as may be.
In making ready their Provisions you are to take care that no Salt In making ready their Provisions you are to take care that no Salt
water be mined with the fresh it being very prejudicial to thei Healtles. water be mixed with the fresh it being very prejudicial to their Healths.
You are to make Enquiry what Provisions are most Suitable You are to make Enquiry what Provisions are most Suitable
to the Negroes, and what Method or Management may most Condire to their to the Negroes, and what Method or Management may most Condure to their
Preservation, and put the same in Practice Accordingly Preservation, and put the same in Practice Accordingly.
In case any of the Negroes Dye, you are not to throw them In case any of the Negroes Dye, you are not to throw them
overboard but with the knowledge of your Chief Mate and Surgeon, who to overboard but with the knowledge of your Chief Mate and Surgeon, who to=
=gether with your Self at the place of delivery of the Negroes, are to give our =gether with your Self at the place of delivery of the Negroes, are to give our
Factors a Catificate of the number that dyed, and the days when, that it may Factors a Certificate of the number that dyed, and the days when, that it may
appear that the number dead, and those delivered make up the whole Number, appear that the number dead, and those delivered make up the whole Number,
taken in, you are also to moncon in your Accot. what distemper they dye of taken in, you are also to mention in your Acco^t: what distemper they dye of.
You are to take care punctualy to deliver all Letters and Packetts You are to take care punctualy to deliver all Letters and Packetts
which shall be Sent to and from our Agents and Factors by your Sloop. which shall be Sent to and from our Agents and Factors by your Sloop.
Inall the Voyages that you shall be directed to make Either In all the Voyages that you shall be directed to make, Either
by our Agents at Jamaica, or by any of our Factorys in the Spanish West Indies, by our Agents at Jamaica, or by any of our Factorys in the Spanish West Indies,
you are to be as Expeditious as possible, that no Opportunity of Sailing be lost you are to be as Expeditious as possible, that no Opportunity of Sailing be lost
that can be saved. that can be saved.
That God may bless you with Sucess, werecomend to you that the That God may bless you with Sucess, we reccomend to you that the
Worship of God be regiously observred aboard your Ship. Worship of God be religiously observed aboard your Ship.
You are Strictly required to take care of your Gunpowder that You are Strictly required to take care of your Gunpowder that
it be Securely Stowed, and that your Gunner be a Sober Carefull parson it be Securely Stowed, and that your Gunner be a Sober Carefull person.
You You