which Cantificate You acdto produice in the Spanish West Iudes as Oecasion me which Certificate You [acdto] produce in the Spanish West Indies as Occasion may
sequire to prevent any Seizure or Molestation & deliver the same at Your Return require to prevent any Seizure or Molestation & deliver the same [?] at Your Return
Herewith also you will sceive a Copy of the Assents Contract of Herewith also you will receive a Copy of the Assiento Contract w^ch you 
are to observe & not give any Scaudal to those of the Roman Catholick Religin are to observe & not give any Scandal to those of the Roman Catholick Religion
You have also herewith a Copy of a Convention conclused betwen the You have also herewith a Copy of a Convention concluded between the
peons of Great Britain & Spain being Explanatory of Some part of the Assicnt peons of Great Britain & Spain being Explanatory of Some part of the Assicnt
Contradt And also his CMr. Cesula for continuing the Absento in like Manuran Contradt And also his CMr. Cesula for continuing the Assiento in like Manner
before the late tar the same being Grounded on the late Tenty of ferae with spain before the late war the same being Grounded on the late Tenty of peace with Spain
If in these Instructions any things have benomitted ot is expalld If in these Instructions any things have been omitted it is expected
You will so Act as may be most for the Comp. Advantage & cause all others andar You will so Act as may be most for the Comp. Advantage & cause all others under
You todo the lite & a You appove your self in this Voyage You may depend yon You to do the like & as You appove your self in this Voyage You may depend upon
our Favonr & Encouragement. We are our Favour & Encouragement. We are
Yor ffchonate Frends Yor affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors of The Court of Directors of
the South Sea Company the South Sea Company
South Ler Howd Lordon South Sea House London
25 Febry 1724/ 25 Febry 1724/
J lytles J Eyles
J Mudge D Gov J Rudge D Gov
R. Newton R. Newton
H. S. Eyw H. S. Eyre
M Raper M Raper
J.G. de Filliens J.G. de Tilliens
J Tryer J Fryer
W. Bowles W. Bowles
H. Ropton H. Ashton
T. Savill T. Savill
W. Brooke W. Brooke
J Kaworth J Raworth
G. Hanbury J. Hanbury
S. Jones S. Jones
P. Ayles P. Ayles
W Heath W Heath
Rd. Lewin Rd. Lewin
F. Skinner T. Skinner