any of her stores till our further Orders, as not knowing yet any of her stores till our further Orders, as not knowing yet
whether we may not by the next Ship which will soon follow this whether we may not by the next Ship which will soon follow this
give Orders for her being refitted, so as to be brought home by some give Orders for her being refitted, so as to be brought home by some
meansor other meansor other
We cannot but Express our Presentments on this Occasion We cannot but Express our Presentments on this Occasion
at your long Silence, the Court having had no Lotter from you Since at your long Silence, the Court having had no Lotter from you Since
the 24t Jurce 1725, and have ben only obligd to Such Informations
as your Letters to our Sub Governour have given us, who has from as your Letters to our Sub Governour have given us, who has from
time to time comunicated them to us, and it is matter of Astonish= time to time comunicated them to us, and it is matter of Astonish=
­-ment to us, that you have not lither to him or us, given any acco= ­-ment to us, that you have not lither to him or us, given any acco=
of your Returns on board and how the disposition of your Outward
Cargo has been Excuted, Sure you might well have Sentus, if
not a particular Account, at least Such a generalone, as might give
us a reasonable Light into what our Expectations should be. As we
shall write you again very soon, we shall say no more at present,
but wishing an Event to this Affair happy to the Company, and but wishing an Event to this Affair happy to the Company, and
honourable to your Self.
This I write by Order of the Court of Directors, and am This I write by Order of the Court of Directors, and am Sir
Your most humble Servant Your most humble Servant
D. Wescomb. Secy D. Wescomb. Secy
Daglicak anberd to Mor. Hart Daglicak anberd to Mor. Hart
tripticate inclosed to Major Gonl Byan Easrt Gor tripticate inclosed to Major Gonl Byan Easrt Gor
All 3 sent to MrKnight at Oeat the day All 3 sent to MrKnight at Oeat the day
of their date to deliver to last Bertoni Haneock of the Marke Pantegs of their date to deliver to last Bertoni Haneock of the Marke Pantegs
f al the to de t by and et ho ise he te t e a lir f al the to de t by and et ho ise he te t e a
goadrephiate was on ye 25 teb sent to seet to Condon Cassgtance goadrephiate was on ye 25 teb sent to seet to Condon Cassgtance
& Spliate was at senetime set to d: of f Eabs Assuranc & Spliate was at senetime set to d: of f Eabs Assuranc
26t he seatim anthe te to meynh Bran London 28 Feb: 1726/2 26t he seatim anthe te to meynh Bran
& 7th sert by the C of Glouster & 1t March put & 7th sert by the C of Glouster & 1t March put
atlerty a fa ty Canty atlerty a fa ty Canty
South Sea House South Sea House London 28 Feb 1726/7
Capt. Phillps Capt. Phillps
Sir Sir
We have reed your Letter of the 26 Decemr. last We have reed your Letter of the 26 Decemr. last
from Antiqua, acquainting us with your unfortunate boyage from Antigua, acquainting us with your unfortunate voyage