Orenes ₤210 for densuring against Spanish Capteres during the loyaged out Owners ₤210 for their Insuring against Spanish Captures during the voyages out
& home, It is with this proviso, that such Capture be not occasiond by Carrying & home, It is with this provison, that such Capture be not occasiond by Carrying
any Goods into the Spanish Wes t udres, or soing any thing contrary to and in any Goods into the Spanish West Indies, or doing any thing contrary to and in
breach of the Assients Contract, a Copy whereof you will receive herewith breach of the Assiento Contract, a Copy whereof you will receive herewith
You are in all things to comply with Your Charleeparty. You are in all things to comply with Your Charterparty.
Herewith you have a pertificate in Spanish & English under the Comps. Herewith you have a certificate in Spanish & English under the Comps.
hal, attesting that Your ship is freighted by themon Account of the Assiento hal, attesting that Your ship is freighted by them on Account of the Assiento
which Certificate You are to produce in the Spanish Wast Indres, as Occasion which Certificate You are to produce in the Spanish West Indies, as Occasion
May require, to prevent any Seixure or Molestation, & deliver the same to us at May require, to prevent any Seizure or Molestation, & deliver the same to us at
Mor. Keturn yr. Return
If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted it is expercted If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted it is expected
that you will so Act as May be most for the Companys Advantage, & Cause all that you will so Act as May be most for the Companys Advantage, & Cause all
others under you to do the like, and as You approve Yor Silf in this Voyage You others under you to do the like, and as You approve Yo^r Self in this Voyage You
may depend on our favour & Encouragement may depend on our favour & Encouragement
We wish you a good Voyage, & are We wish you a good Voyage, & are
Yr Affectionate Frend Yr Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors of The Court of Directors of
the Southsea Comp the SouthSea Comp
Soucbe Sox house London South Sea houses London
16 June 1726 16 June 1726
John Eyles Sub Gor John Eyles Sub Gov
Jno Mudge & Gov Jno Rudge & Gov
Wm Bowles Wm Bowles
J. Hanbury J. Hanbury
P. Burrell P. Burrell
R. Newton R. Newton
N. Micklethwait N. Micklethwaite
M. Raper M. Raper
R. Lewin R. Lewin
Mr Brooke Mr Brooke
H.S. Eyre H.S. Eyre
P. Skinner P. Skinner
R. Wood R. Wood
W Heath W Heath
R. Michel R. Michel
J Gde Sillieur J Gde Tillieus
S. Jones S. Jones
G. Roberts G. Roberts
E Halsey E Halsey
L. Savill L. Savill
H Robison H. Ashton 
S Fill S Fill
P.S P.S