Instructions guven by the Countof Disclors of the Instructions given by the Court of Directors of the
South Sea Companry to Capt. Willam Corey of the Sep hectes South Sea Companry to Capt. Willam Corey of the Ship Streets 
for a Voyage to the Gold Coastof Guinea in Afsica to take in for a Voyage to the Gold Coast of Guinea in Africa to take in
250 Negrees to be deliverd at Port Royal in Jamaica 250 Negrees to be deliverd at Port Royal in Jamaica
Cat. Cory. Cat. Cory.
Having Segn'd Bills of Lading for the Good & Merchandire Having Sign'd Bills of Lading for the Good & Merchandize
Stres & Provisions fut on board Your shiy the Shetis by the South sea Company and being Stores & Provisions put on board Your ship the There is by the South sea Company and being
provided with a Moditeranean Pass & Register as the plantation Act divects You as to take provided with a Mediteranean Pass & Register as the plantation Act directs You as to take
the first Opportunity of Wind and Weather, and Sail with your ship from Gravesend, & the first Opportunity of Wind and Weather, and Sail with your ship from Gravesend, &
make the best of Your Way to the Gold Coast in Africa, where being alrived you are to use make the best of Your Way to the Gold Coast in Africa, where being alrived you are to use
Your best Endeavours to dispose of the Carge to the greatest Advantage of the Company and Your best Endeavours to dispose of the Carg to the greatest Advantage of the Company and
therewith to purchase 250 Negroes &c therewith to purchase 250 Negroes 
These Instructions taken from Capt. Welster of the Pex Galley for These Instructions taken from Capt. Webster of the Pyc Galley for
the Gold Coast the Gold Coast
Dated 10 Feby 1725 Dated 10 Feby 1725
J. Eyles Seb Gov. J. Eyles Sub Gov.
Signed Signed
J Juidge D Geo J Juidge D Gov^r
N. Michlethwaite N. Michlethwaite
R. Newston R. Newston
J. Raworth J. Raworth
S. Jones S. Jones
G. Roberts G. Roberts
P. Skinner T. Skinner
Wm Brooke Wm Brooke
T. Ayles T. Ayles
Mc Raper M. Raper
P. Lewin P. Lewin
R. Wood R. Wood
R. Michel R. Michel
T. Savill T. Savill
H. Ashton H. Ashton
J. G. de Tillieur J. G. de Tillieus