II 77
boyage and your Exast Complyance with our Directions and Oras, so under the Pond tty theree Voyage and your Exact Complyance with our Directions and Oras, so under the Penalty them
Containd forbed you purchasing any Neyroes on your own or any other Persons Account bat Containd forbed you purchasing any Negroes on your own or any other Persons Account bat
that of the Company only. that of the Company only.
You are to bring home with you a particular account of the Charge of Cancchie You are to bring home with you a particular account of the Charge of Cancchie
and Port Charges on the Coast of Afsice in Order to the Companys paying their Rroportion accor and Port Charges on the Coast of Africa in Order to the Companys paying their Reposition accor
ding to Charter party ding to Charter party
The Surgeon of your ship during its stay at the delivering Port is to take The Surgeon of your ship during its stay at the delivering Port is to take
arse of the Regres on Shere, if ther to required by our Agents or Factors arse of the Negroes on Shore, if thereto required by our Agents or Factors
Youan to take all oppatinity of Informing us as you put into aay Port daing You are to take all oppurtunity of Informing us as you put into any Port using
the voyage out and home, and you and your Chief Mate are to keep a Tournal of your ships the voyage out and home, and you and your Chief Mate are to keep a Journal of your ships
oprecedings containing a daily account of Wind and Weather and all remarkable Occurences and of precedings containing a daily account of Wind and Weather and all remarkable Occurances and
rdiver the same to us at your Return deliver the same to us at your Return
Youare as opportunitys off to send us an Account of the Prias of Regroes on the You are as opportunitys off to send us an Account of the Prices of Negroes on the
Coast, and what Gords ace mot Curr: and Vendible for oue better Regulation in futue Cargoa. Coast, and what Goods are mot Curr: and Vendible for our better Regulation in future Cargoes
You are not to carry out any private Adventure for your own o other Persons aud You are not to carry out any private Adventure for your own or other Persons and
Except sush as shall be allaved by the Company nor Invest the produce of Such as shall be alawed Except such as shall be allowed by the Company nor Invest the produce of Such as shall be allowed
in any other Commodity than God Rephait Teeth in any other Commodity than God Rephait Teeth
You are in all things to Comply with your Charter party You are in all things to Comply with your Charter party
If in there Instructions any things have been omitted it is Expected that you If in there Instructions any things have been omitted it is Expected that you
will so Act, as shall be most for the Company Advantage and cause all others under you to do will so Act, as shall be most for the Company Advantage and cause all others under you to do
the like, and as you apprve your self in this Voyage you may depaird on our Favour and the like, and as you apprve your self in this Voyage you may depend on our Favour and
Encouragoment, Weare Encouragement, We are
Your afectionate Priends the Cant of Your afectionate Friends the Cant of
Directors of the Saith Sea Company Directors of the South Sea Company
So Sea: House London So Sea: House London
Jnc. Lyles hab Gen Jnc. Lyles hab Gen
21 Ap: 1725 21 Ap: (April) 1725
Sam. Jones Sam. Jones
Jno Rudge Dep. Geo. Jno Rudge Dep. Geo.
Tho. Ayles Tho. Ayles
Ddn: Halsey Ddn: Halsey
Jno. Hubury Jno. Hubury
A. Wood A. Wood
Jno. Tryer Jno. Tryer
Galriel Roberts Gabriel Roberts
Wm Brooke Wm Brooke
Richard Lewin Richard Lewin
Robt. Newtow Robt. Newton
Thos Savill Thos Savill
Peter Buirel Peter Burrel
Wm Healh Wm Health
Henry Sam Eeyre Henry Sam Eeyre
Rebt Michel Rebt Michel
Nath Micklethwade Nath Micklethwade
Honry Ashton Henry Ashton
Henry Carhought Henry Carhought
Wm Bowles Wm Bowles
Thos Skinner Thos: Skinner