170 170
are to cause your Docks frequently to be wasted with Vinegar, and to are to cause your Decks frequently to be washd with Vinegar, and to
divert them with Musick and Play divert them with Musick and Play
In making ready their Provisions you are to take care that no sath In making ready their Provisions you are to take care that no salt
water be mixed with the fresh, it being very prejudicial to their Healths water be mixed with the fresh, it being very prejudicial to their Healths.
We recomend it to you to make a Strict Enquiry what Provistons We recomend it to you to make a Strict Enquiry what Provisions
are most Suitable for them, and what Method or Management may most Conduce are most Suitable for them, and what Method or Management may most Conduce
to their preservation, and give us an accot thereof at your Return. to their preservation, and give us an acco^t thereof at your Return.
We having allowed you by Chasterparty 4 Regroes in Every 1o4 We having allowed you by Charterparty 4 Negroes in Every 104
Negrses, delivered alive for your taking Special Care of the Heath of the Neyises duing Negroes, delivered alive for your taking Special Care of the Health of the Negroes during
the Voyage and your Exait Complyance with our Directions and Orders, do under the Voyage and your Exact Complyance with our Directions and Orders, do under
the Ponelty therein Containd forbrd you purchasing any Regroes on your own the Penalty therein Containd forbid you purchasing any Negroes on your own
or any other Persons Acct but that of the Company only or any other Persons Acco^t but that of the Company only
You are to bring home with you a particular Acct of the Charge You are to bring home with you a particular Acco^t of the Charge
of Canvehire, and Port Charges on the Coast of Assica, in order to the Companys of Canoe hire, and Port Charges on the Coast of Africa, in order to the Companys
paying their proportion according to Charter party paying their proportion according to Charter party.
The Sengen of your ship during its stay at the delvering at The Surgeon of your ship during its stay at the delivering Port,
is to take care of the Negroes as here if thereto required by our Agents or Factors is to take care of the Negroes onshore if thereto required by our Agents or Factors
You are to take all opportunitys of Informing us as you You are to take all opportunitys of Informing us as you,
putinto any Port during the voyage out and home, and you and your Chief put into any Port during the voyage out and home, and you and your Chief
Mate are to keep a Journal of your ships proceedings, containing a dayly accot Mate are to keep a Journal of your ships proceedings, containing a daily acco^t.
of Wind and Weather, and all remarkable Occurences, and deliver the same to us at of Wind and Weather, and all remarkable Occurrences, and deliver the same to us at
your Return. your Return.
You are as opportunitys offer to send us an Accot of the Prias You are as opportunitys offer to send us an Acco^t of the Prices
of Negroes on the Coast, and what Goods are most Cunt. and Vendible for oue of Negroes on the Coast, and what Goods are most Curr^t. and Vendible for our
better Regulation in future Cargoes. better Regulation in future Cargoes.
Your You,