that your ship is Truahted by them on Account of the Assents, which Curtificate you that your ship is Freighted by them on Account of the Assiento, which Certificate you
are to produce in the Spanish that Indies as Ocasion may require to present any are to produce in the Spanish West Indies as Occasion may require to prevent any
Surure or Molistation and Oeliver back the same to Us at Your Return Seizure or Molestation and Deliver back the same to Us at Your Return.
I herewith also you will knnoe a Copy of the Assents Contract, which Herewith also you will Receive a Copy of the Assiento Contract, which
Yen are to there and not five any seandal to these of the Roman Catholich Kilgen You are to Observe and not give any Scandal to those of the Roman Catholick Religion
You have also herewith a Copy of a Convention Conclided betwen the You have also herewith a Copy of a Convention Concluded betwen the
bewn of Great Bretain and Spain being Explanatory of some parts of the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain being Explanatory of some parts of the
Assents lentract, and aleo his Cathelick Majesty Edula for Continuing the Assents, Assiento Contract, and also his Catholick Majesty Cedula for Continuing the Assiento,
in the like manner as before the late War. The same being grounded on the in the like manner as before the lake War. The same being grounded on the
late Traty of Parce worth Spain late Treaty of Peace with Spain.
If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted it is Eguil If in these Instructions any things have been Omitted it is Expected
You will to Act as may be most for the Company Advantage, and Cause all You will to Act as may be most for the Companys Advantage, and Cause all
others under you to do the like, Andas Gon approvy Your self in this trynge others under you to do the like, And as You approve Your Self in this Voyage.
You may depend upon Our Taour and Enceuragement. We wish you You may depend upon Our Favour and Encouragement. We wish You
And tryage and are Good Voyage and are
Your Affetionato Frinds Your Affectionate Friends
The Court of Directors The Court of Directors
Robt Wood Rob.^t Wood
John Cyles Sub Gov. John Eyles Sub Gov.^r
G. Roberts G. Roberts
Jno Rudge Dip Gov. Jn.^o Rudge Dep Gov.^r
H Nohton M Ashton
Richd Hophins Rich.^d Hopkins
Thos Savill Tho.^s Savill
Peter Burrell Peter Burrell
Thos Shinner Tho.^s Skinner
Saml Pitt Sam.^l Pitt
Henl Carhoright Hen.^y Carhoright
Robt. Nuwston Rob.^t Newton
Saml Jones Sam.^l Jones
Jno Hanbury Jn.^o Hanbury
Nathl Michlethwaik Nath.^l Michlethwaite
Sent Saml Gyre Hen.^y  Sam.^l Eyre
Richd. Lewin Rich.^d Lewin
Wm Brooke W.^m Brooke
Jno Kaworth Jn.^o Kaworth
I Gerardst M Billina J Gerardot W Tillieux
Wm Heath W.^m Heath
South Sea Flouse South Sea House
London 15 Jany 1723 London 15 Jan.^ry 1723/4
Capt. Willam Cap.^T Williams
The Campany having allowes The Company having allowed
by Charterparty At Negroes in every you by Charterparty 4 Negroes in every
beliverd Alevg by you, Which is for your 104 deliverd Alive by you, Which is for your
uing Care of ther Healths and preseration taking Care of their Healths and preservation
y do under the penalty therein fontaind, they do under the penalty therein Contain'd,
Ad Your purchasing any On your Own forbid your purchasing any on your Own
any other persons Account, but that of or any other persons Account, but that of
Company Only the Company Only.