220
June 3d. 1728. Cannons
Mr. Fort.
Sir
Upon looking over the works when I came down hither, I find by
the Joyness you have disccled an Alteration to be made in the Opening between
the Pediments over the severall Doors in the Saloon, [ ]. to take away the Pannel
that is at present Walnut Tree, and make instead these of one entire one of the
Mahogeane wood, I can't see to what Purpose this Direction is given, in
my Opinion (considering especially there will probably be a small Bust
in each Opening) it is much better as it is, the altecation will be an
Expence, and what is worse at this Juncture create a Delay in the
finishing this Room, for Mr. Bell tells me twill requise a months
xt
time to make this Altenation; upon this I have ordered him to let is
alone and go on as fast as he can with finishing the Room. I desire
too youl, let me have an Account of all the Mahagone wood I have
had, these have been great Quantities brought in, it hath been used in
no Room but the Saloone and it seems to me impossible that so lany
a Quantity as was given me and bought by me can have been used in
that place, & I confess. I much doubt whether I have not been abused
by the Workmen, which your coming so Seldom, amongst im has
given too much Oppeatunity for. I can't leaan what sont of fincshin
is proposed for the Summer House, now have I ever seen a Design for
it tho I think it but reasonable I should be made acquainted with
it, yet I undenstand the Service Tree which Mrs. Blcknall gave me
& which I had ordered for the Window Shutters of the Hall is to bee
used about that Place, pray let me know for what Reason this is done
without speaking to me first of it, & when you come next bring alone
with you the Design for the whole finishing it. I see they ane goindg
to make a Pevelment quite Round the Sunmer House even with the Foun
dation; I should have been glad to have known this before it had been
began, that I might have given my Directions in what manner I
would have had it performed this would have been to have had but
one Flight of Stone Steps to have led down to the Offices below & not
another Flight opposite to it to have led up again which is I think
unecessary as well as rediculous, & which I have given Orders to be taken
up again these was likewise as little occusion for Ritches in the
Stone which fauth the Carth pound: nor can I leavn you have
made any Provission for a Drain to cassy off the Water
The